abundance
In the past, most visitors explored the city’s abundance of historic buildings.
academically
There are plenty of children who don’t do well academically, who are brilliant at sports.
athlete
Is the noise of their supporters always a positive thing for players or athletes? Not necessarily.
attraction
It is one of the most important attractions in the city.
back
They are going to back the project and become an investor.
bank loan
We had to take out a bank loan to pay for it.
boutique hotel
The old buildings were turned into boutique hotels.
break a record
It is also hoped that the new plans will help Britain to break more records in future Olympic Games.
cheerleading
Cheerleading is very popular in American schools.
compete
Winning teams will compete in 60 county finals before going on to a national final.
competitive
Schools have been avoiding competitive sports.
crowd-funding
Together with Yancey Strickler and Charles Adler, he started up Kickstarter, a crowd-funding website.
dancing
As well as yoga and trampolining, dancing is one of the activities offered at our school.
decade
In the past decades, development has dramatically changed many parts of the city.
destination
In 2014 the city was voted the world’s top destination in Trip Advisor’s Travellers Choice Awards.
demotivating
If everyone knows at the start of a race who the winner is going to be, then it can be boring and demotivating.
district
It is starting to resemble Manhattan in some districts where modern skyscrapers are rapidly being built.
dramatically
Development has dramatically changed many parts of the city.
dominate
The skyline is dominated by skyscrapers.
earplug
There are two holes which are located near your ears so you can put in ear-plugs.
entrepreneur
For entrepreneurs who find themselves short of cash, it’s a great way to get funding.
event
Why do we go to big events such as music festivals?
fashionable 
Istanbul is becoming just as well known for its modern galleries, designer shops and fashionable restaurants.
field 
We’ve had lots of emails from people in all different kinds of fields saying that they have found it useful.
figure
Recent figures show that more and more children are overweight.
guarantee
They won’t give any guarantee that the new business will make a profit.
have a clue about
I haven’t got a clue about racing.
have a feeling 
I have a feeling this holiday will be a mistake.
have a go 
It’s a bit difficult at first, but just have a go.
home stadium
Sporting teams always prefer to play in their home stadium.
home team
The home team really does have an advantage.
investment 
There’s always the possibility that their investment will increase in value.
investor
Anyone who wants to back their projects can become an investor.
magnificent
Istanbul was traditionally famous for its magnificent ancient sights.
manufacture 
More are currently being manufactured.
must-see
Compared to 0 years ago, the city’s list of must-see attractions has also changed.
nightclub
There are lots of nightclubs in the city.
non-competitive
Yoga, dancing and cheerleading are all examples of non-competitive sports.
open-air 
It is the biggest open-air shopping centre in the UK.
padded
The ‘Ostrich Pillow’ is a kind of padded hat.
pledge
People have pledged $9,09.
popularity
It is growing in popularity in countries like the United States, Switzerland and Canada.
present
First of all, you need to present your idea to the bank.
profit
How much profit did they make on the business?
pull over
It’s a padded hat that people can pull over their heads to take a nap.
raise
He couldn’t raise the money he needed.
referee
The biggest impact of the crowd is not on the players, but on the referees.
renovate
The rundown buildings in many areas were renovated.
resemble
There are websites devoted to all kinds of objects that resemble faces.
riot
The audience got out of control and the concert turned into a riot.
rugby
Schools will play against each other in an Olympic-style event, with sports such as football, athletics, rugby, swimming, tennis and cycling.
run-down
The run-down buildings in many areas were renovated and turned into boutique hotels and trendy cafés.
self-esteem
We have to realize that taking part in competitive sport is not bad for people’s self-esteem.
service
Please give me some details about the product or service you are offering.
set up  
Anyone who wants to set up a business can present their idea on the website.
short of cash 
For entrepreneurs who find themselves short of cash, it’s a great way to get funding.
skyline
The skyline was dominated by historic buildings and monuments.
sophisticated
The neighbourhood is now home to sophisticated nightclubs.
state-of-the-art
The warehouse is now a state-of-the-art gallery.
take a decision 
It’s very important to take the right decision. 
take a risk 
Don’t take a risk – it’s not worth it. 
take no notice of someone
Take no notice of him – he’s being silly.
take someone’s word for it
I’ll take your word for it, since I don’t know much about it!
take something
I just can’t take Paul seriously.
take advantage of
We’ve decided to take advantage of the warm weather.
take care of
She’s the nurse who takes care of my grandmother.
take out
You will need to take out a bank loan to pay for it.
take turns
Sometimes we’ll buy street food, and the rest of the time we’re planning to take turns to cook in the evenings.
thrilling
It is a thrilling mixture of soccer, volleyball and gymnastics.
tournament
The government has announced that highly competitive sports days and tournaments are to be re-introduced at schools.
trampolining
Our school avoids competitive sports and has introduced activities such as dancing and trampolining.
trendy
Some of the buildings are now trendy cafés.
unheard of
Almost unheard of in Europe, sepak takraw is an extremely popular sport throughout East Asia.
unrealistic
It’s just unrealistic for children to be told that everyone can win.
vibrant
Istanbul is now one of Europe’s most popular and vibrant cities.