active 
If people are active in work and free time, they’ll probably be healthier.
adapt 
Some people have no problems adapting to different cultures.
afraid 
It’s about learning to make the right choices, even if we are afraid.
appreciate 
In the end, I came to appreciate Iceland’s differences.
appropriate 
Make sure you are wearing the appropriate clothes for the meeting.
audience 
She made appropriate eye-contact with the audience.
balanced
Danish people tend to eat a balanced diet and get plenty of physical exercise.
be capable of
Researchers believe we are all capable of becoming heroes.
brave 
Do you think Clark was crazy or unusually brave?
bring up  
I must say they’ve definitely got some things right when it comes to bringing up children.
bully
If I were stronger, I would stop that bully!
burning
A firefighter risks his burning buildings.
casual
I had to replace my very casual clothes with some smarter ones.
childcare
Denmark is a very family-friendly country, with free or very cheap childcare provided by the government.
cost of living
The cost of living was another thing I quickly noticed.
cosy
The winter may be cold and dark, but there is a special term ‘hygge’, to describe a kind of cosy meeting with friends and family.
craft 
I suppose it’s one of their traditional crafts.
cultural 
Danes spend a lot of their leisure time socializing and enjoying cultural activities.
culture shock
Since I moved to Iceland ten years ago, I’ve been through several different stages of culture shock.
disadvantage 
List all of the advantages and disadvantages on a piece of paper.
disaster 
Having been lucky enough to survive a disaster yourself makes you three times more likely to be a hero and a volunteer.
dress code
Make sure you find out what the dress code is for the party.
economy 
What they do have is a strong economy.
educated
The more educated you are, the more likely you are to be a hero.
embarrassed 
Women can be a bit embarrassed about their heroic actions.
explode 
He rushed over to help, even though the plane was on fire and might explode any minute.
extremely 
I was extremely embarrassed about it.
eye contact
I made eye-contact with them immediately.
factor 
The third and last factor that affects our decision-making is the amount of information we have.
fear 
He’s someone who is ready to do things that are dangerous without showing any fear.
firefighter
If I were braver, I would be a firefighter.
first aid
If someone had an accident, I could help him because I know first aid.
formal 
In the UK, we rarely wear formal clothes when we aren’t at work.
gender
There’s a difference with the genders when it comes to making decisions.
generous 
Kind, generous people are more likely to be heroes.
genius
Even a scientific genius like Charles Darwin is said to have used this method.
have no problems
Some people have no problems adapting to different cultures.
healthcare
Many people in the United States don’t have free healthcare.
hero 
The more educated you are, the more likely you are to be a hero.
heroic
One in five people has done something heroic.
heroically
Researchers at Berkeley University have spent the last five years studying what exactly makes people act heroically.
heroism
Men reported heroism more than women.
immediate 
Some Icelanders wear suits to meet their immediate family on important days of the year.
knitting 
They teach knitting in schools.
lottery
If we won the lottery, we would give some money to charity.
method 
One common method is to make two lists on a piece of paper.
misbehave
Parents can be very embarrassed if their children misbehave in public.
misjudge
Once I completely misjudged the dress code when I was invited to a family meal.
misunderstand
If you move to a very different culture, people may easily misunderstand your behaviour.
neighbour 
Danes use their extra leisure time to do voluntary work, helping their neighbours.
overspend
I must be careful I don’t overspend this month.
physical activity
You’ll be healthier if you have plenty of physical activity.
poverty
Denmark doesn’t have much poverty.
pram
Look outside any café and you’re likely to see lots of babies sleeping outside in prams.
public transport system
If there was a cheap and reliable public transport system, people would use their cars less. 
rarely 
Where I come from, we rarely do that.
reappear
The stars stop coming out at night and don’t reappear until August.
reasonable 
People tend to have more job satisfaction if they work reasonable hours.
redecorate
When we moved into the new apartment, we completely redecorated it.
renewable
Renewable energy comes from sources that will always exist.
reschedule
The flight has to be rescheduled due to the bad weather.
rescue
He rushed over there immediately and started to rescue people.
risk 
If you saw a crash, would you risk your life to help?
risky
I wouldn’t do a job if it was risky or dangerous. 
selfish
They have created an online course to train people to become less selfish and more heroic.
sensible 
She’s a very sensible person.
society 
Denmark is also a very equal society.
spectacularly
I must say, it did look spectacularly beautiful.
stay up  
It was really exciting to stay up with my friends, having meals outside in the middle of the night.
suffer 
Some people who move to another country suffer from culture shock.
superstar
Sometimes a superstar makes a smaller country more famous.
undercook
I sent the steak back because it was undercooked – in fact, it was almost raw.
underdressed
I felt extremely undressed!
volunteer
One third of the heroes in the study had also volunteered up to 9 hours a week.
volunteer
Having been lucky enough to survive a disaster yourself makes you three times more likely to be a hero and a volunteer.