 advert 
I think the most effective adverts are those that make people laugh.
associate 
One tip for remembering a person’s name is to look at their face and associate it with the name.
billboard
Have you seen the new advertising billboards near the cinema?
brand
She always buys the well-known brands.
bring someone round to   
You won’t be successful in business if you can’t bring people round to your way of thinking.
drawback
Another drawback is the cost of production.
effective
What are the most effective adverts?
homeless
I saw an amazing ad to raise our awareness of the problems homeless people have.
image
I think this gives the companies a negative image.
influence 
Funny adverts can be a good way to influence people.
logo
Each product is recognized by its own logo.
make someone aware of 
Adverts can make people aware of social issues.
major
What do you think are the major advantages?
memorable
It’s important to make sure our adverts are memorable.
menswear store
I was in town recently in a menswear store.
moth
He saw a huge cloud of moths coming towards them.
negotiator
With this book, you will become an amazing negotiator.
news agenda
France  online provides an alternative to the English-language dominated news agenda.
objection
This book will help you to overcome objections.
objective
The main objectives of ‘fast fashion’ are to bring high-fashion clothes into the shops quickly and cheaply.
overcome
What do you think is the best way to overcome someone’s objections to an idea?
pass a law
The instructor told them that a new law had been passed.
perspective
The 6 Alliance Françaises and France  online provide news from a different perspective.
persuasion
Philip is a full-time speaker on the psychology of persuasion.
persuasive
It’s a very persuasive advert.
point of view
It’s important that you understand the other person’s point of view.
poster
Please can you put this poster up to advertise the concert?
psychology
Philip Hesketh is a full-time international business speaker on the psychology of persuasion.
rely on
They don’t rely on radio stations to tell them what music they should listen to any more.
slogan
What slogans can you remember?
soft power
The Olympic Games can increase a country’s soft power.
stylish
This particular model was never stylish! It’s just awful.
switch off  
Maybe every moth in Australia was heading for their light because all the others had been switched off!
upset
I was really upset when I saw this advert.
win over  
This book will help you find the perfect way to win people over.