ability 
The courses available are for different levels of ability.
able 
The internet is changing our culture so that we are less able to concentrate or make deep connections in our brain.
achievement 
Although it was hard work, it was an amazing achievement.
adventure 
His adventure has taken him across Europe.
bargain 
What have you bought recently that was a bargain?
behave 
The internet is changing the way our brains behave.
charity 
His aim is to raise money for a children’s charity.
choice 
We’re trying to get people to think about the effect their buying choices have on the rest of the world.
come face-to-face with
He has already come face-to-face with  internet friends.
communication 
The internet, and especially Skype, has improved communication with friends who live abroad.
connect 
I think this cable connects to the back of the computer.
consumer 
High-street shops have a wide choice of products for the consumer.
convinced
I’m convinced my life has improved since I started my new job.
currently
Rob Jones is currently meeting every single friend on his Facebook page.
deal 
Have you ever bought something you didn’t need because it was a good deal?
deeply 
We never take any time to think about things deeply.
definition 
What is your definition of a true friend?
develop 
Our friendship has developed over time.
digital age
The digital age is making us lose our ability to do one thing at a time.
effect 
Don’t you think they have an effect on young people?
expression 
The expression Black Friday has been used more than two billion times on Twitter recently.
fall out with someone
I rarely fall out with my friends.
friendship
Her friendship means a lot to me.
get on well with someone
I get on really well with Jill.
govern 
Who is the region governed by?
government 
The government has announced the latest tax proposals.
guilt-free
How do you feel about the fact that guilt-free brands are often more expensive?
half-price
I bought these in the sale. They were half-price!
harmful 
It has a harmful effect on the environment.
have a lot in common
I guess I don’t have a lot in common with them.
help someone out  
A really good friend is someone you can ring at midnight and ask them to help you out.
improvement 
There have been some amazing improvements in the way we can get information.
in touch with someone
How do you keep in touch with family or friends who live far away?
injury 
There have been five injuries in the last few years on Black Friday.
item 
All of these items are half-price.
judgement 
His book shows us that we need to use our judgement before we let computers take over.
lately
How many of your Facebook friends have you seen lately?
leisure time
The idea of buying things as a way of spending your leisure time is crazy.
media
When we use new media, our brain works and develops in a different way to how it did before the internet.
meet up  
I often meet up with groups of friends in the evening.
membership
The annual membership is too expensive for me.
movement
Now there are Buy Nothing Day movements in over 6 countries.
occasional
We send the occasional message to each other.
on credit
There’s a danger of spending more than you intended and buying things on credit.
opportunity
This is a great opportunity.
persuade
He persuades them to give to his charity.
process
He hopes to have met all 700 Facebook friends within three years, travelling thousands of miles in the process.
prove
This proves the internet is a powerful tool.
purchase 
While you may get a good discount on your purchases, you should be careful.
queue
Some people have queued overnight.
resources 
People should be encouraged not to consume more than their fair share of the world’s resources.
reunite
I’m reuniting with friends.
run-up
The shops have amazing special offers in the run-up to Christmas.
secure
The important thing is to feel secure in your job.
security 
I am always extremely careful about my personal security online.
smartphone
The development of smartphones has made a huge different to the way we all access information.
socialize
Students in the USA spend 51% of their time socializing.
special offer
Do you look for special offers such as buy one get one free in the supermarket?
transport 
I’m not sure transporting goods by air is a good ide
trend
What’s trending in social media?
trust 
I can trust my closest friend with all my secrets.
admit 
The newspaper has admitted the story was a hoax.