absolutely 
I absolutely love it here.
accessible
It’s absolutely essential we are accessible all the time.
action film
I prefer action films.
action hero
Who plays the action hero in the film?
addicted
I hadn’t really realized that you could become addicted to your screen.
amusing
Maliyo aims to produce something clever, amusing and definitely African.
animated
Rio 2096 is an animated film.
app
More and more people are looking for entertaining apps and games.
appeal 
In fact, the games do seem to have a world-wide appeal.
astonishing
Last year, Nigerians bought an astonishing million mobile phones.
atmosphere 
Thomas Newman’s soundtrack creates an exciting atmosphere throughout the film.
authentic
Agus’s family would love to eat at an authentic Indonesian restaurant.
banker
Tim Robbins plays Andy Dufresne, who is a banker.
base on  
The film is based on a novel by Stephen King.
brilliant 
Although the film is a little slow, the end is absolutely brilliant.
cast 
There are several very good actors in the cast.
character 
He plays the part of the main character in the film.
chat
Meanwhile, my daughter spends her days chatting online.
classic 
It has become a modern classic.
clip
Viewers use second screens to watch clips.
dash
He makes a living by dashing through the streets of Lagos.
dear
The teacher asked them to write an essay about their dearest dreams and wishes.
despite
Despite failing at the box office, the film has become popular.
difficult 
The exam was extremely difficult.
disappointing 
I thought the game was rather disappointing.
disturbing 
It is a disturbing future where poor people can’t afford to buy water.
documentary
I watched an interesting documentary on TV this week.
dreadful
The traffic is dreadful.
entertaining 
It was the most entertaining game I’ve ever played.
essentially 
The film is surprisingly sad in places, but essentially, it is a positive story.
exhibition 
Over the past month, I’ve been to the theatre three times, as well as a number of art exhibitions. 
falsely
In the film, he plays a banker who is falsely sent to prison for killing his wife.
fan
Most of its fans log in from Brazil, India and the US.
fantasize
Mei fantasizes about becoming an actress.
genre
What genre of film do you prefer?
grow apart  
In the film, the two main characters meet at university and become friends; however, they grow apart for the next few years.
hand-held
A second screen can be a tablet, a smartphone, a laptop or a hand-held gaming unit used whilst watching TV.
harmless 
It’s absolutely terrible to think that something that looks as harmless as a video game can have such an effect on your life.
hope
The film is about friendship and hope.
incredibly
It’s incredibly expensive.
infuriating
It’s absolutely infuriating.
interact
The more ways we have to interact with people the better.
irritation
The only things that get hurt are the mosquitos, a constant irritation in Lagos.
log in  
Most of its fans log in from Brazil, India and the US.
magically
In the film, he magically turns into a bird.
middle class
A growing middle class that is looking for entertainment has resulted in Nigerian movies and music sweeping across the continent.
military
The film shows the couple living through military dictatorship in 1970.
modern-day
The second screen is part of modern-day life, especially for young people.
moving 
Freeman’s performance is very moving.
mug
It can be quite a violent place. I haven’t been mugged yet, but my friend has.
novel 
I’ve read the novel, but I haven’t seen the film.
on balance
Although living in New York definitely has some bad points, on balance I don’t think I want to live anywhere else.
original 
He’s a character in an original new video game.
performance 
His performance in the film is the best.
plot
The plot is quite difficult to follow.
post 
We are inviting fans to post reviews this month.
pothole
He dashes through the streets of Lagos on his bike, avoiding cars, trucks and potholes.
predictable
The game was good, although it was quite predictable.
prisoner
He soon makes friends with another prisoner.
recommend 
I highly recommend it to everyone.
release
Despite failing at the box office when it was originally released, it has now become a modern classic.
remake
It’s a remake of an old film.
result in  
It has resulted in Nigerian movies and music sweeping across the continent.
rom com
This film is a rom com.
salsa
I’ve also just started salsa dance classes.
scene 
Some of the scenes were filmed in Denmark.
set out   
He decides to set out on a journey to find a missing photographic negative.
showcase
It is designed to showcase African culture to the world through games.
silly 
I thought it was really silly.
skyscraper
The film starts in the future, where a man and a woman stand at the top of a skyscraper in the middle of the night.
slavery
We then see the couple living through slavery in 8.
soundtrack
Thomas Newman’s soundtrack creates an exciting atmosphere throughout the film.
special effects
There are some amazing special effects.
stunning
Stepping on the Flying Grass is both visually stunning and truly moving.
sweep across 
It has resulted in Nigerian movies and music sweeping across the continent.
tend
I tend to check emails and message while I watch.
terrific
The Shawshank Redemption is terrific entertainment.
terrifying
It was a terrifying experience.
thriller
Do you like thrillers?
topic 
We asked Paul to choose a topic that he found really interesting and relevant to people his age.
unexciting
It’s a pretty unexciting game, really.
violent 
It can also be quite a violent place.
voice 
The main characters are voiced by Brazilian actors.
vote 
We want you to vote for your favourite film of all time.
world-wide
In fact, the games do seem to have a world-wide appeal.