announce 
Police announced yesterday that calls to the emergency 999 number had risen sharply in recent months.
appear 
A huge hippo suddenly appeared.
attempt
The whole story had been made up by the boy’s parents, in an attempt to get a reality TV deal.
be stuck
I realized I was stuck inside something.
believe 
I believe, though, that I met him one more time.
breath 
I remember wondering which of us could hold his breath the longest.
cable car
He decided not to take the cable car down with his friends, but to walk down instead.
charge 
A hoax story claimed that dialling 999 would charge your phone battery.
circulate
Recently, a picture has been circulating on the internet of a bright blue watermelon.
claim 
The hoax story claims that calling 999 will charge your phone battery.
coincidence
Coincidences are often meaningful and ‘meant to happen’.
conclusion 
The conclusion was that the judges were deciding not on what 
they could hear, but what they could see.
consecutively
Expert: a man who makes three correct guesses consecutively.
create 
It is easy to create a hoax now that everyone can change photos and videos digitally.
curiously
Orchestras, curiously, started hiring women left, right and centre.
disappear 
The hippo had quietly disappeared.
escape 
That reminds me of another story I heard about a man who had a lucky escape.
evidence 
Scientists were keen to find some evidence that would prove the link.
expect
Did you expect that to happen?
fake
In 9 a team of researchers discovered that it was, in fact, a fake.
float 
On October 15, 2009, the media reported that a six-year-old boy was inside a large silver balloon floating high in the sky.
fortunately
Fortunately, we got to the airport on time.
free 
I managed to free one hand and felt around – my hand touched a hippo’s nose.
hire 
Orchestras started hiring many more women.
hoax
It turns out the story was another internet hoax.
inform 
The police were informed.
interestingly
Interestingly, I know a lot of people who want to work on television.
interview 
The boy spoke to someone while reporters were interviewing the family on TV.
invent 
A journalist actually invented the story.
jaw
It had an ape-like jaw.
keen
Scientists were keen to find some evidence that would prove the link between early man and apes.
keep quiet
He was supposed to keep quiet about it.
knock into
Something knocked into the boat.
live 
By the time the balloon finally landed about 80 km away, an 
hour or so later, the story was live on television.
lose contact
Barry had lost contact with his family while he was working abroad.
luckily
Luckily, she wasn’t actually hurt.
medical 
By chance, a medical team was nearby, and they helped me to reach a hospital.
mention 
The boy accidently mentioned that they’d done it to be on TV.
orchestra
A group of three ‘judges’ from the orchestra would sit in a room.
ordinary 
It started out as just an ordinary day at work.
personally 
Personally, I prefer tea.
realize 
Did you realize what was going to happen?
recognize 
Did you recognize it?
remarkably
Remarkably, the company made 600 million dollars from the new chunky sauce.
remember 
I remembered it so clearly.
remind
What did it remind you of?
report 
The media reported that a six-year-old boy was inside a large silver balloon floating high in the sky.
responsible
Meanwhile, Dawson, who most people consider responsible for making the fake, had died.
sadly 
Sadly, none of the students passed the final exam.
scream 
I screamed loudly.
screen 
Orchestras started putting up screens in the rooms where the auditions took place.
sharply 
Police announced yesterday that calls to the emergency 999 number had risen sharply in recent months.
skull
He dug up a human skull.
sour
The moon melon will change the taste of anything you eat afterwards, making sweet things taste sour, and so on.
stream
He fell in a stream and broke his leg.
surface 
I remember looking up at the surface of the water.
surprisingly
Surprisingly, the results which Moskowitz obtained were completely confusing.
survive
He survived by drinking water mixed with the barbecue sauce.
system
Under this system, most of the musicians who were chosen were men.
tell
They told the public to ignore the hoax.
track
The police were informed and helicopters were sent up to track the balloon.
turn around
I turned round to push it away, when suddenly everything went dark.
underwater
I realized I was underwater.
unfortunately 
Unfortunately, we weren’t able to talk to Dr Green at the conference.
waste
By the time the hoax was discovered, scientists had wasted nearly forty years believing a lie.
watermelon
Each watermelon is supposed to cost about $200.
weak 
Most people like weak coffee.
whisper
He whispered something to me.
wonder
I wonder if we’ll go there again.