arrest 
The police are close to arresting him.
bandit
They call him the ‘barefoot bandit’.
barefoot
He’s known as the ‘barefoot bandit’, as he often carries out his robberies with no shoes on.
blog
It led to people blogging or tweeting about the issue.
burglar
A burglar was caught on Friday night, after getting stuck in a bathroom window.
burglary
His burglaries have terrified local residents.
candidate 
They should’ve given him the job anyway if he was the best candidate.
capture
The police have been trying to capture 19-year-old Cotton Harris-Moore for nearly two years.
careless
I thought it was very careless and unpleasant of him.
change 
The school buildings have changed very little since I was at school.
consequence
The idea of unintended consequences is an important one in politics and economics.
crash-land
That didn’t stop him from crash-landing in the sea.
criminal
There are examples of criminals who actually did some good.
cyberbullying
This can therefore result in a careless or unpleasant tweet, or at worst, cyberbullying.
delay
I apologize for the delay in replying.
escape 
He escaped from prison.
extension 
It would have been better to ask for an extension earlier.
fine
The doctor made the patients pay a fine if they missed an appointment.
illegally
They entered the building illegally.
inconvenience
I apologize for the inconvenience.
issue
I have had some problems completing work in the last month due to family issues.
insult
They are more likely to insult each other when the communication is not face-to-face.
interaction
More than half of the 2,000 people surveyed said that they felt social media had replaced face-to-face interaction.
light
Please can you turn on the light. It’s very dark in here.
match 
Are you going to watch the match this evening?
nasty
More than a quarter 6% admitted they have said something nasty on a social media website.
outlaw
The outlaw became an internet sensation.
passionate
They felt passionate about it.
permission
The DVDs were taken without permission.
prison 
He is in prison.
punishment 
The court will decide on his punishment later today.
regret 
More than a quarter of all users of Twitter and other social networking sites send messages they later regret.
reportedly
He had reportedly taught himself to fly, using information he found on the internet.
rob
They were planning to rob the bank.
robber
The robber is known to the police.
say something to someone’s face
Online, people are more likely to say something rude or nasty that they would never say to someone’s face.
sensation
He became an internet sensation, with a Facebook fan page collecting thousands of ‘likes’.
sentence
He was sentenced to seven years in prison.
spare 
I thought it would be good to offer her my spare ticket.
speak up  
Nearly two in five people said they used social media to speak up about something.
square
Let’s meet in the town square this afternoon.
stolen
He escaped by flying a stolen plane all the way from Indiana to the Bahamas.
stop someone from doing
That didn’t stop him from crash-landing in the sea.
submission
Please accept my apologies for the late submission of this term’s work.
suspect
He is suspected of more than 00 thefts in the United States and Canada.
theft
There have been a lot of thefts recently.
thief
The thief was caught by the police earlier this morning.
unfashionable
The problem is that wearing crash helmets is very ‘uncool’ or unfashionable.
unintended
The idea of unintended consequences is an important one in politics and economics.
unprofessional
Now my boss thinks I’m really unprofessional.
upload
I was uploading a different video and accidentally clicked on this video, too.
upset
I didn’t mean to upset you.
victim 
None of his victims were actually injured.
violence 
The thieves used unnecessary violence.