admire 
Pick up some valuable lessons by observing someone whose patience you admire.
attention 
If you succeed in turning your attention away from the chocolate for a while, you may forget about it altogether.
beat 
You sweat, your mouth goes dry, your heart starts beating fast.
bleach
Fill the bottle with water and add ten millilitres of bleach.
blood vessel
There are signs of damage to the blood vessels around the heart.
computerized
Technology, such as computerized household appliances, are an essential part of everyday life.
confidence 
You need a lot of confidence to succeed as a chef.
contest 
They take part in a contest.
crack 
Crack the egg into the bowl.
damage 
There are signs of damage.
deadline
It’s also a very high-pressure job, so he must work to tight deadlines.
deal with  
The successful children deal with the problem by looking away or covering their eyes.
decision 
An important member of the team is someone who can make decisions.
device
All these devices are constantly developing.
easy-going
Do you prefer a very strict or a very easy-going teacher?
English-speaking
Can you name five English-speaking countries?
experiment 
One group who took part in the experiment were told nothing.
expert 
They send someone with no experience in a particular job to live and train with an expert for four weeks.
fail 
How many of them failed the test?
five-star
Have you ever stayed in a five-star hotel?
flip
When the first side is cooked, you flip it over.
full-time
He is a full-time international business speaker.
give in  
Most of the children gave in before the time was up.
good-looking
I think he’s very good-looking.
hobby
A new hobby gives us something to talk about with our friends and family.
instructor
The instructor shouted, ‘Faster! Faster!’.
intelligence 
He’s good at using his intelligence to solve problems.
leader 
Audrey is a good leader.
left-handed
Did you know that Karen is left-handed?
make an effort
If they didn’t think about the marshmallow, they didn’t have to make an effort not to eat it.
manage 
She manages the team really well.
marshmallow
If you can be patient and wait until I come back and not eat the marshmallow, you can have two marshmallows as a reward.
measure 
You need to use special metal-cutters, and you need to measure carefully.
multitask
He’s great at multitasking.
observe 
Pick up some valuable lessons by observing someone whose patience you admire.
on impulse
Never buy things on impulse.
overcook
The vegetables were overcooked.
overpriced
When was the last time you thought something was overpriced?
panel 
A panel of judges decides who wins.
participant
The judges decide which participant is ‘the real thing’.
passion
He has a passion for food.
patient 
Most of the children found it difficult to be patient.
pleasant 
He didn’t need to do much apart from arrive at work on time and be reasonably pleasant to people.
polite 
He also had to be polite to the customers.
precise 
As a chef, it’s important to work to very precise times.
professional 
They take part in a contest against professionals.
resist 
If the children managed to resist temptation, the researcher promised them a reward.
respect
Ed was shocked to realize that he couldn’t say please and thank you all the time if he wanted the team to respect him.
responsibility
You must take responsibility for your actions.
result 
The results were not good.
reward
The researcher promised them a reward of two marshmallows.
rise to the challenge
Those children who could rise to the challenge were generally much more successful than the others.
rub
Next, rub the bottle with sandpaper.
sandpaper
Rub the bottle with sandpaper.
schedule 
She’s the best one in the team at managing schedules.
scientifically proven
The results have been scientifically proven.
second-hand
Have you ever bought a second-hand car?
set goals
He’s very good at setting goals.
shocked
Ed was shocked to realize that he couldn’t say please and thank you all the time if he wanted the team to respect him.
short-sleeved
I’m going to wear a short-sleeved shirt to work today.
spare 
Can you spare the time to go for a run this afternoon?
stress 
The Social Stress Test is a way of measuring stress.
stressful
One of the most stressful things you can ever do is speak in front of a large group of people.
sweat 
When I give a speech or a talk, I sweat, my mouth goes dry, and my heart starts beating fast.
symptom
One of the test groups experienced symptoms of stress.
take part in something
They then have to take part in a contest against professionals.
take responsibility
However, he didn’t have to take much responsibility as his boss dealt with the money.
talk
Have you ever given a talk or speech to a large group of people?
technique
Did he explain what his technique was?
temptation
The children are trying to resist the temptation to eat the 
marshmallow.
think ahead  
Think ahead. Plan for the future and you will succeed in 
achieving your goals.
turn up  
When he was working in the burger van, Ed had to be reliable and turn up for work on time.
van 
Jack works in a fast-food van in all weathers.
work hard
She’s good at working hard on a project.
work well under pressure
Does she work well under pressure?