accident 
90% of these accidents are caused by human error.
artificially
I read a report on ways in which scientists around the world 
have been trying to artificially control or change the weather.
at speed
Driverless cars will be able to drive at speed much closer to each other.
automatically
Many cars can already brake automatically.
basically 
Basically, due to problems with staff illness in her team, she’s behind with her work.
brake
Many cars can already brake automatically when they need to slow down.
cheerful 
I find it difficult to be cheerful when the weather is bad.
climate change
Many scientists now agree that climate change has been causing higher temperatures.
cloud seeding
These scientists have been exploring various techniques, including cloud seeding, over the past few years.
commute
I hate commuting to work, it’s so stressful.
confirm 
I’ll check my diary and will confirm later.
contract 
We’ve won a new contract with the same company.
correspondent
With us in the studio today we have Neil Clough, our science correspondent.
crew
Rolls-Royce says robo-ships, which won’t need any crew, will soon be sailing our seas.
crop 
Crops have died from water shortages.
decrease 
They hope this means a decrease in rainfall.
disability
My own disability, which I have had since birth, means that I 
will never be able to drive a ‘real’ car.
driverless
Driverless cars are already on the roads in California.
driving test
How did you feel before your driving test?
drone
Amazon promises robot drones which will deliver our packages.
drought
Many scientists now agree that climate change has been 
causing floods and droughts.
dusty
This room is very dusty.
explore 
Scientists have been exploring another method.
extreme 
In recent years, there has been a noticeable increase in extreme weather events.
fire 
Have you heard about the terrible fires in Australia?
heatwave 
There’s going to be a heatwave next week.
helpless
I feel absolutely helpless.
imaginative
Although the problem is very serious, local people have begun to find new and imaginative solutions.
in charge
Your car is now in charge: driverless cars are already here.
in control
You know, as soon as I get behind the steering wheel, I feel great. I’m in control.
increase 
There has been an increase in tropical storms.
injure
More than 50 million people die or are injured in road crashes every year.
instant messaging
Do you think instant messaging has made it easier to organize your social life?
interrupt 
Don’t you ever get annoyed when people interrupt a meeting with a personal call?
junction
Driverless cars come with fast broadband and can communicate with traffic lights as they approach junctions.
landslide
The road is blocked because of a landslide.
lane 
The car is driving in the correct lane on the motorway.
meteorological
He works in the meteorological department.
motorway
What’s it like being in a driverless car on a motorway?
musical
She’s a very musical person.
nowadays
I think most people organize their social life by mobile nowadays.
overtake
They are able to overtake other cars safely.
park 
Many cars can already park themselves by the side of the road.
possession 
Most of our possessions are replaceable.
practical 
I’m not a very practical person.
prevent 
They have been working on techniques to create or prevent rain.
protect 
We should try to prevent further global warming by reducing pollution, protecting trees and so on.
pulse
Their experiments have shown that pulses of light from a laser can be used to make rain clouds.
rainfall
In some areas, there has been a decrease in rainfall.
replaceable
This is the one possession I have that is not replaceable.
seasonal 
The seasonal rains have been arriving later and later over the last ten years.
shortage
There are water shortages across the country because of the heat wave.
skill
Some think that only people whose skills are better than the 
machines’ abilities will have work.
slip out  
Driverless cars can warn the driver if they are slipping out of the correct lane.
sociable
The most sociable person I know is my sister.
social
He’s a very social person.
speed limit
Google’s driverless car sticks to the speed limit.
steering wheel
The driver presses a button on the steering wheel – the car is now driving itself!
traditional 
At weddings, it’s traditional for the bride and groom to have the first dance.
traffic jam
Being stuck in traffic jams could become a thing of the past. 
tropical
Did you hear about the tropical storms in the Philippines?
unemployable
Those who don’t have high-level skills risk being unemployable.
wages 
They will have to work for very low wages.
washable
Is this material washable?
weather pattern
If these changes in weather patterns have been happening as a result of global warming, then we should try to prevent further warming.