accommodation 
The job also came with rent-free accommodation in a beautiful apartment.
advertisement
I am writing regarding your advertisement for team leaders posted on the Jobs & Training website this month.
ambition 
I’d like to know if you have any further ambitions.
ambitious
She was hardworking and ambitious.
anthropologist
In her early twenties, she worked as a secretary to the anthropologist Louis Leakey.
applicant
Applicants should have at least a school leaver’s certificate plus a strong interest in travel.
apply
Send applications to Carmen Ramos at studytripstravelabroad.com or apply online.
aspect 
Did you like that aspect of the job?
assistant manager
I am working as an assistant manager.
attend
I would be happy to attend an interview.
attitude 
I want to be remembered as someone who helped to change attitudes towards animals.
award
He has received various awards for his achievements.
behaviour 
Jane soon became a researcher herself, studying the behaviour of wild apes and chimpanzees.
blame
You mustn’t blame him.
blogger
Social bloggers wanted for online lifestyle magazine. 
branch 
We are looking for people to lead teams in our new branches across the country.
bright
For many years, people have moved to Europe in search of a brighter future.
bubbly
I want to be remembered as someone who enjoyed life, was bubbly and worked hard.
champion
Rebecca Adlington is a champion swimmer.
climb
Imagine you send out a group of scouts to a new land to find mountains to climb.
concentrate
They believe that a school system that concentrates on marks and grades will reduce the ability of the kids to produce new ideas.
creative
The experts were worried that young people in France were not creative and innovative enough for the modern world.
criticize
He says that if you criticize people for having good ideas, they will give up.
customer care
Customer care is very important in this company.
decision maker
We want decision makers who are good with people.
determined
Her sister’s illness made her more determined to succeed.
director
After two years, I became a director.
disagreement 
When was the last time you had a disagreement at work?	
dragonfly
Have you ever seen a dragonfly?
early
What is your earliest memory?
entertainment 
We are looking for writers with something to say about social media, fashion, food and entertainment.
entrance
We reward success in exams, for example, with entrance to university. 
environmental
She set up a global environmental programme.
executive
He left his job in London to teach English to business executives in Buenos Aires.
expanding 
We are looking for new and experienced leaders to manage our expanding group of coffee shops.
failure
There are reasons why we should value failure as well.
fame
She uses her fame to raise money for an encephalitis charity.
famous 
She became famous after winning two gold medals.
festival 
Are you going to the music festival this weekend?
flock
Young Europeans flock to Argentina for job opportunities.
get to the top
Most people who work here want to get to the top.
high achiever
What does it take to be a high achiever in business?
humanitarian
She works for a humanitarian youth education programme.
innovative
The experts were worried that young people in France were 
not creative or innovative enough for the modern world.
job satisfaction
Job satisfaction is really important. It’s good to feel happy and content about what you do.
lifestyle
The city welcomes a growing number of young professionals who have come here looking for jobs and a more relaxed lifestyle.
lifetime
It’s the experience of a lifetime.
make progress
So making a mistake can mean you also make progress!
make someone redundant
The company is making people redundant.
management
Do you want to get into management?
motivate
What motivates you and what doesn’t?
networking
I am very active in the world of business networking.
obey
We follow the procedures, obey the rules.
occupation
Two years ago, Hanson decided to change his occupation.
online community
If you have great ideas and experiences to share with our magazine’s online community, apply now.
overnight
Included in the trip are overnight visits to places of local interest.
pattern 
In recent years, however, the pattern seems to be changing.
point of view
Another point of view is provided by Dr Astro Teller who works for Google.
position
I’ve been promoted to a higher position.
procedure 
Make sure you follow the procedures.
producer 
There are many directors and producers here younger than I am who are very successful.
prospects 
My career prospects have definitely been improved by coming to Manila.
quality 
This company has a good reputation for quality.
quit
She quit her job.
relaxed 
She changed her job because she wanted a more relaxed lifestyle.
relocation office
I work in an international relocation office, helping companies set up abroad.
rent-free
The job came with rent-free accommodation in a beautiful apartment.
reputation
Your company has a very good reputation.
researcher 
She soon became a researcher herself.
retrain
I have been able to retrain as a landscape designer.
rule
We have to obey the rules.
school leaver’s certificate
Applicants should have at least a school leaver’s certificate.
sick
I get sick pay and holiday pay and plenty of time off.
skilled 
The work available is mainly skilled work.
specialist 
Some French education specialists recently put on a festival in Paris to encourage children to make mistakes!
standard of living
They are searching for a higher standard of living.
stay 
Short stays with local families are included in the trip.
suited
I believe I would be ideally suited to a management position in your company.
supervise
Have you ever had a job where you had to supervise other employees?
take risks
People who like to take risks think creatively.
talented
A talented musician, he began to learn piano aged five.
team leader
Last month, I was working in a project team, and I didn’t agree with the team leader about the time we needed to complete the project.
temporary 
Have you ever had a temporary job?
thoughtful
She is the most thoughtful person that I’ve ever known.
travel back in time
My super power would be to travel back in time.
treasured
What is your most treasured possession?
unbelievable
His company is famous for its unbelievable failures.
unite
He co-founded an orchestra in order to unite Israeli and Arab musicians.
unskilled
There’s plenty of work, both unskilled and skilled.
up to date
My business knowledge and IT skills are up to date.
value 
You should value your position in the company.
visa
It wasn’t too difficult to get a visa.
well known 
He is also well known for his work with young people.
wonder
The activities in the week-long event showed the participants the wonder and pleasure of getting things wrong.
work experience
With my work experience and skills, I believe I would be ideally 
suited to a management position in your company.
working conditions
The working conditions are much better at the moment than in Lisbon, where I’m from.
working hours
What are your usual working hours?