adjust 
Immigrants need to adjust to new things.
ancestor
More than million people with Japanese ancestors live in Brazil.
ceremony
Hanamatsuri is a ceremony where sweet tea is poured onto the feet of a statue.
citizen
Welsh immigrants now consider themselves Argentinian citizens.
co-housing
Co-housing is where people live separately in private houses but with shared facilities.
community
There are plenty of people living in the Lilac co-housing community who live alone.
concentration
Gimli is a town in Canada with the largest concentration of Icelandic people outside of Iceland.
cosplayer
Cosplayers are people who like dressing up in costumes as superheroes.
costume
Cosplayers like posting photos of their costumes online so that others can see them.
custom
The Welsh community in Argentinia still maintains Welsh traditions and customs.
decorate
During the festival of stars, people decorate the streets.
descendant
The 0,000 descendants of Welsh immigrants in Argentina still speak Welsh.
distance learning
Distance learning is nothing new.
dramatically
The number of people living alone is shooting up dramatically.
entertainment space
Co-housing communities have shared facilities such as a laundry and an entertainment space.
especially
Younger people, especially those in the 6– age bracket, spend time with their family daily.
established
The Japanese community in Argentina is now very well established.
facilities
People living in co-housing projects share facilities.
feature
The most noticeable feature of the data is that older people spend less time with their family.
festival
Many popular Japanese festivals also take place in São Paulo.
globally
Globally, there has been a rise in the number of people living alone.
growth
The nations with the fastest growth in one-person households are China, India and Brazil.
household
Why are so many people choosing to live in one-person households?
immigrant
Welsh immigrants first arrived in Patagonia over 0 years ago.
independently 
It’s more popular to live independently in some countries than in others.
laundry
We share the laundry with our neighbours in our co-housing community.
neighbourhood 
Little Havana is a Cuban ethnic neighbourhood in Miami.
noticeably
Older people spend noticeably more time without their family than younger ones.
online community
People in an online community can simply communicate with each other online.
parade
The ceremony is then followed by a parade through the streets.
permission
Streetbank neighbours give their neighbours permission to borrow things.
private
Co-housing can be a great way of having your own private space, but not being isolated.
property
The properties are grouped into small communities.
rare
People who have a rare illness can get support in online communities.
research
According to recent research, the number of people living alone is shooting up dramatically.
resident
Forty-seven per cent of homes in Sweden have just one resident.
resources
In old-fashioned villages, people shared certain resources, like the village hall.
rise
Globally, there’s been a dramatic rise in the number of people living independently.
separately 
People living in co-housing communities live separately but share certain facilities.
settler
The first Japanese settlers in Argentina arrived over a hundred years ago.
shift
Living alone represents a dramatic cultural shift for many countries.
significantly
The number of people living alone has increased significantly in recent years.
socially
People in old-fashioned villages supported each other socially.
support
Do older people get enough support from co-housing communities?
support
People living in co-housing projects support each other.
Viking
During the Icelandic festival in Gimli, Manitoba, people dress up in Viking costumes.
virtual community
Education is a major reason for joining a virtual community.