advice 
I would advise you not to yarn-bomb during the day.
advise 
Shall I advise you or can you manage on your own?
affect 
Farmers in certain parts of Australia are often affected by drought.
assist
Even well-known yarn-bombing artists have teams to assist them.
attach 
The invention Xarius can be attached to most things and used to generate electricity.
beetle
The idea for the Airdrop came from the Namib beetle.
bump into  ​​
Google thinks that if you bump into colleagues all the time, you’ll share more ideas.
childish
Some inventions may seem very childish, but are actually quite practical.
control
The sounds can be controlled by twisting the middle of the Sono.
conventional
Google isn’t a conventional company.
damaging
Yarn-bombing is a form of street art which is less damaging than graffiti.
design
Magda Sayek has designed a perfectly fitting cover for a city bus.
designer
James Dyson is a British industrial designer.
drought
Edward Linacre, inventor of the Airdrop, was inspired by Australia’s worst drought in a century.
dry-cleaning
At Google, employees can get their dry-cleaning done for free.
effect
The effect of the knitting by yarn-bombers is quite striking.
efficient 
When we’re tired, our brain is less efficient.
engineer 
Canadian engineers invented something which tells you when you need to reapply your sunscreen.
fault
There was a fault in the invention which kept it from working properly.
fix
At Google, someone can fix your car for you.
functional
Inventions need to be functional to be popular.
generate
There are a lot of inventions which generate energy.
health check
Another perk for Google employees is free health checks.
impressive 
Some companies ensure that you will only focus on coming up with impressive ideas.
innovative
A lot of companies want their employees to be innovative and creative.
invention 
Looking at the Namib beetle gave Linacre the idea for his invention.
inventive
Having a messy desk is better for being inventive.
inventiveness
How can inventiveness be encouraged?
lamp post
That lamp post that you never noticed before is suddenly multicoloured.
loose
The knitted covers are usually quite loose, so it’s easy to fix them to the object.
lose
We had nothing to lose and everything to gain.
manage
Magda Sayek manages a large team of knitters.
measure 
If a player is moving more slowly than usual, it will be measured.
memorization
Now that we have the internet, many people think that memorization is a waste of time.
memorize
How can people use their minds creatively if nothing is actually memorized and stored in there?
mindless
Rote learning is seen as pointless and mindless.
mistake 
She made a mistake and the knitting had a big hole in it.
moisture
The Namib beetle survives in the desert by collecting small amounts of moisture.
monitor
The information is sent to a computer which monitors the outcome.
nap
Naps can be good for helping you remember things.
odd
Even odd inventions can be very useful.
original 
The offices have an original design that most people really like.
perk
Being a Google employee comes with some nice perks.
phenomenon
Yarn-bombing has become a global phenomenon.
ping-pong table
Has your office got a ping-pong table?
place 
Place the object carefully in the right position.
practical 
The low-cost incubator is a very practical invention.
protect 
Suncayr protects you from sunburn.
recharge
The energy which the Xarius generates can be used to recharge batteries.
reduce
Too little light and too much light can both reduce productivity.
remarkable 
Recently, we have seen some remarkable inventions.
rote learning
Rote learning is often considered to be unnecessary and uncreative.
shortlist
Twenty engineers and designers have been shortlisted for the James Dyson Award.
silly
Having fun with colleagues on a slide might just be a silly waste of time.
slide
Some offices have ping-pong tables, swings and even slides.
spark
Chatting with colleagues at long tables might spark some ideas.
specially
Magda Sayek has specially designed a cover for a bus.
striking 
We’ve all seen pictures of striking, original offices.
swing 
Chatting to colleagues on a swing might make you feel more relaxed.
treat
The player was taken out of the game to be treated.
twist 
You can twist the middle of the Sono to control the sounds.
unimaginative
Unimaginative people probably shouldn’t work at Google.
user-friendly
A quiet office could be more user-friendly than a fun one.
weird
A knitted cover for a bus may look weird to some people.
wind power
There are lots of ways of using wind power to generate electricity.
yarn-bombing
Many local governments don’t like yarn-bombing.