adapt to 
The locals adapted the whistling language to Spanish.
ages
It seems like ages since we were in touch.
app
I’ve downloaded a Spanish vocabulary app for extra practice.
appreciate 
There is so much to appreciate when you receive a handwritten letter.
arrest
In the Phillipines, what can you be arrested for?
attempt 
Several internet campaigns have sprung up in an attempt to save the art of letter-writing.
awkward
Stand too close and you might make someone feel awkward.
ban from 
Henry Ford banned his employees from whistling.
bear with 
Just bear with me a moment.
birdsong  ​
Lots of birdsong can be heard at dawn.
blogger
Shaun Usher is a blogger who posts letters on his website.
catch up  ​​
It would be great if we could catch up properly soon.
cause
Getting these things wrong can cause offence.
cc somebody into
Can you cc somebody into a handwritten letter?
confidential
If an email is confidential, you shouldn’t share it with anyone.
confuse
It’s easy to confuse Silbo with birdsong.
consist of 
Silbo consists of four vowels and four consonants.
contribute to
The development of mobile phones contributed to the decline of Silbo.
copy somebody in
I copied you in on my email to him.
correspondence
What correspondence will we leave behind for future generations?
coverage
In much of the island, you cannot depend on telephone coverage.
cross out
If you make a mistake, just cross it out.
cup
One hand is cupped next to the mouth to control the whistle’s direction.
curl
The ‘come here’ sign is made by curling your finger towards you.
delete
Texts and emails are quickly deleted, while letters stay around for longer.
die out
If letters died out completely, that would be the greatest loss to our culture.
digital media
With digital media, we write more than ever before.
disapprove of 
Spectators whistle when they disapprove of a referee’s decision.
dominate the conversation
I don’t like the way she always dominates the conversation.
emoticon
We often use emoticons instead of expressing our feelings.
entertaining 
We had an entertaining evening with our friends this weekend.
establish
In conversations, we often try to establish shared interests.
exchange news
We can exchange news by email, text or letter.
extraordinary 
Silbo is an extraordinary language which is whistled rather than spoken.
gesture
I’d like to talk about gestures – the signs we make with our hands.
handwriting
I’ve always had terrible handwriting.
handwritten
The handwritten letter is in serious decline.
have a misunderstanding
People from different cultures can have a misunderstanding if they don’t know each other’s rules of communication.
have a row
I don’t want to have a row about the weather.
have some awkward silences
When he started asking us how much we earned, we had some awkward silences in the conversation. No one wanted to talk about it.
hear of
Have you heard of Silbo Gomero?
hit it off with someone
Can you tell me about a person you hit it off with as soon as you met them?
impression
When is it very important to make a good impression?
in tray
Please put the letter in my in tray.
inbox
My inbox is too full – I need to delete some emails.
instant
Texts and emails allow for instant communication but are quickly deleted.
interrupt
For communication to be successful, we need to know if it’s OK to interrupt a person.
islander
The islanders of La Gomera have been communicating with whistles for centuries.
landline
Could you call me back on my landline?
lead to
Getting these things wrong can lead to misunderstandings.
line
Hold on, the line is breaking up.
listen enthusiastically 
It would be good if you tried to listen more enthusiastically in conversations.
lucky
If you’re lucky, you’ll hear the islanders whistle on La Gomera.
make a good impression
You want to make a good impression in an interview.
make small talk
Could you tell me how easy you find it to make small talk?
misunderstanding
Getting these things wrong can lead to misunderstandings.
offend someone
The weather is seen as a topic which is unlikely to offend anybody.
over the moon
My sister and her husband are over the moon because they are having twins!
peasant
Some locals think that Silbo is a peasant language that should be left to die out.
postage stamp
Do you know the cost of a postage stamp?
punctuation
Punctuation is important in written communication.
put someone at ease
My friend Marc is very good at putting people at ease in new situations.
put your foot in it
Can you remember a conversation when you put your foot in it?
ravine
La Gomera’s steep hills and deep ravines make it difficult to cross.
result in
In Russia it is believed that whistling indoors can result in bad luck.
stationery
Newspapers have reported a rise in stationery sales.
steep
La Gomera has numerous steep hills.
take up  ​​
I won’t take up any more of your time.
tell an entertaining story 
Can you tell me an entertaining story?
ukulele
Is the ukulele as popular in Spain as it is here?
volcano
La Gomera is a tiny Spanish island, just the tip of a volcano …
whistle
We whistle when we want to get someone’s attention.
whom
About8 billion people in the world speak English, 9 million of whom speak it as a native language.