achieve 
Most people underestimate what can be achieved in a year.
achievement 
Winning a gold medal is quite an achievement.
adjustment
Making a few adjustments to your life can make you much happier.
as good as gold
Particularly well-behaved children are ‘as good as gold’.
assistance
I need some assistance in choosing a gold ring.
asteroid
Gold may have been brought to Earth by asteroids.
be short of time
I can’t go shopping – I’m really short of time and money.
benefit
You will appreciate the benefits of learning something new.
bravery
The firefighter received a gold medal for bravery.
build foundations 
According to Stephen Covey, it is important but not urgent to build foundations.
capture the imagination
Beautiful, rare and useful, gold has captured our imagination for centuries.
choose the right time
We have to choose the right time to tell people important news.
civilization
The Incas were an ancient civilization that made beautiful gold artefacts.
closet
It is a good idea to rearrange your closet so that you don’t waste time looking for clothes.
construction worker
I think construction workers will work very differently in the future.
consultant
Careers consultant John Moody thinks that the world of work will change fast.
curiosity
I read Stephen Covey’s book out of curiosity.
customization
Customization means providing goods and services tailored to what people want.
device
We now have smart devices which allow us to turn appliances on and off from a distance.
diabetes
One in three adults today will have developed diabetes by the time they are sixty.
do your best
If you don’t like your job, do your best to find something you do like about it.
drop out  ​​
Even successful business people drop out of university.
effective 
Stephen Covey’s book describes how highly effective people plan their lives.
encouragement
He needs to be given some encouragement to plan effectively for his future.
enjoyment
Some people get lots of enjoyment from shopping.
entrance 
I can’t find the entrance to the shop.
flexibility
Flexibility is very important; you need to plan, but also use opportunities in your job.
freedom 
Having enough money gives you the freedom to do what you want.
fritter away time
Stephen Covey feels we fritter away too much time.
generosity
Some famous people are known for their generosity.
get on  ​​
If you want to get on in your career, you have to stay in touch with changes in your field.
get your money’s worth
You should get to the festival early if you want to get your money’s worth.
give up
Employers like to see that you don’t give up easily if a job is difficult.
golden opportunity
Getting the chance to take on this brilliant job was a golden opportunity.
have a heart of gold
My grandmother was very kind – she had a heart of gold.
have time
I’m really busy and broke, so I have neither time nor money to spare.
healthcare
Because of our ageing population, there will be more jobs in the healthcare sector.
home-cooked
I much prefer to spend money on home-cooked food than on microwaveable meals.
inheritance
The gold necklace was part of her inheritance.
intention
It is my intention to be better at planning.
introduction 
The introduction of a text is the start of the text.
invent
A lot of new jobs will be invented in the near future.
invest 
More people should invest in their future by thinking about what they really want to do.
invest time
Invest time in looking after your health.
invitation 
I received an invitation to a talk about career development.
jewellery 
A lot of people like to spend money on gold jewellery.
kill time
Why do we kill time playing games on our phones or tablets?
know your stuff
If you know your stuff, employers don’t care if you’ve got a degree or not.
lose touch
It is very easy to lose touch with changes in your area of work.
make the most of
Try to make the most of opportunities to learn something new.
mankind
Gold has always been of great importance to mankind.
measurable
Make sure your goals are specific and measurable.
measurement 
Take your measurement to make sure the ring will fit.
moreover
Moreover, wearable technology may mean that we are available to our employers all the time.
multitude
Gold also has a multitude of less traditional uses in industry.
overestimate
Most people overestimate what they can do in a day.
pick something up  ​​
You can pick up a lot of things you need to know on the job.
proficient
Younger generations will be much more proficient at IT.
ready-prepared
Ready-prepared meals can be just as good as home-cooked food.
reference
Please keep this book with you for reference.
relevance
It doesn’t matter because it doesn’t have any relevance.
robbery
Gold jewellery is often taken in robberies.
run out of time
I still have a lot to do and I’m running out of time.
scarcity
In a time of scarcity, people don’t have enough to eat.
self-driving
In the future, we’ll have self-driving vehicles.
set aside time
It is important to set aside time to plan for your future.
significance
Gold has a special significance in some countries.
specific 
IT skills won’t be seen as specific skills in the future.
stay in contact
It is easy not to stay in contact with friends who are far away.
stick at something  ​​
Employers need to see that you can stick at something, even when it’s difficult.
stuff
You can learn a lot of stuff on the job.
take for granted
Many jobs we take for granted will disappear.
take your time
Take your time and plan ahead.
think ahead  ​​
You need to think ahead about what experience you may need in the future.
throw your money around
Don’t throw your money around – try to save it.
treasure
Gold is particulary treasured in the Middle East, China and India.
variation
There isn’t much variation in these exercises.
vehicle
Certain vehicles, such as trains and buses, probably won’t have drivers.
virtual reality 
In 2025, people will be going on virtual reality holidays.
wearable
People love wearable technology, but there are downsides to it.
well-behaved
Well-behaved children are sometimes said to be ‘as good as gold’.
while away time
We often while away time on things which are not important.
wisdom
Older people have greater wisdom because of their life experience.
yield
Investing time in your health will certainly yield you more time.