1affordable
A small flat was just about affordable.
background 
The people who participated in the study were from various socio-economic backgrounds.
be mean to a sibling
One of the top regrets is being mean to a sibling as a child.
blessing
In retrospect, losing my job was a blessing in disguise.
bring someone up
Emil Zátopek was brought up in the north-east of the Czech Republic.
carbon dioxide
We would produce a lot less carbon dioxide if we had fewer children.
care for
One of my children may be able to care for me in my old age.
career path
A lot of people regret choosing the wrong career path.
clean-shaven
You rarely see a clean-shaven male hipster.
coincidence
By coincidence, Zátopek’s wife was born on the same day of the same year.
devoted to
She is totally devoted to her children.
eco-friendly
Hipsters like buying eco-friendly products, like shampoo.
evolve
Like all trends, ‘hipsterism’ will change and evolve.
feel left out
If two kids are playing together, the other two have each other and don’t feel left out.
fixed-wheel
The ultimate cool hipster accessory is the fixed-wheel bike.
floral-patterned
Female hipsters wear floral-patterned dresses.
fret
Women are more likely than men to fret about a lost love.
get on somebody’s nerves
My brother gets on my nerves sometimes.
get to grips
Getting to grips with a new culture and language was quite a challenge at first.
godparent
Sometimes children have several godparents.
hang out  ​​
Where do hipsters hang out?
high-tech
Hipsters are not interested in high-tech devices.
hipster
Hipsters are usually in their twenties and thirties.
home-made
Hipsters are keen on making home-made jam and baking cakes.
ideal 
I believe that one child is ideal.
immeasurable
The joy each child brings is immeasurable.
javelin
Zana Ingrova, Zátopek’s wife, won a gold medal in the javelin in 9.
joy 
Having a child brings much joy.
little-known
Hipsters have a taste for little-known bands.
lonely 
Many parents have a second child to stop their first child being lonely and spoilt.
look up to 
Who in your family do you look up to?
low-tech
Hipsters love low-tech objects such as record players and old-style cameras.
mainstream
Hipsters reject mainstream culture.
make up after a row
People often regret not making up after a row.
mend
Hipsters prefer to mend things instead of buying new ones when something breaks.
miss out on an opportunity
He missed out on investment opportunities, which he regrets.
obscure
Do you listen to obscure bands?
pressure
Each baby we bring into the world puts extra pressure on the world’s resources.
private pension
I regret not paying into a private pension early enough.
property house 
The only regret I have is that I never invested in a property.
quality time
Do you regret not giving enough quality time to your children?
regret
The most frequent regrets involve romance.
relationship 
Three children means three sibling relationships.
renowned
Zátopek was renowned for his hard training routines.
retro-style
Fixies are modern versions of retro-style bikes.
romance
I regret that the romance didn’t end well.
run-down
Hipster neighbourhoods tend to be districts which are historically poor and run-down.
second cousin
A second cousin can be the child of a cousin of your parents.
second-hand
Hipsters wear retro-style shirts bought in second-hand clothes shops.
sibling
I regret not having more siblings.
spoilt
People often think that only children are spoilt.
stand up to bullies
I regret not standing up to bullies at work.
state 
If you live in a country with great state schools, having lots of children isn’t an issue.
stereotype
Some people feel that seeing only children as spoilt is just a stereotype.
take after  ​​
I think I take after my father.
tell off  ​​
Who in your family tells you off the most?
thick-rimmed
Your stereotypical hipster wears thick-rimmed glasses.
tight-fitting
Male hipsters wear tight-fitting jeans.
turn down a job offer
Why did you turn down that job offer?
turn to  ​​
If there are more children in a family, they always have a sibling to turn to.
vintage
Hipsters like buying clothes from vintage clothes shops.
woodwork
Hipsters enjoy old-fashioned pastimes such as knitting and woodwork.