accompany 
There was no question that Mary Kingsley could accompany her father on his travels.
adventurous
You need to be more adventurous. Step out of your comfort zone.
anxious
Henry Brown must have felt anxious before he got into his box.
appeal 
The cold weather doesn’t appeal to me.
assistance 
With the assistance of two friends, Henry made arrangements for them to receive the package.
baggage
Put the baggage in the trunk.
bitter
Henry Brown felt bitter after his owner allowed his family to be taken from him.
board the plane
Passengers were asked to stay seated whilst passengers from Miami boarded the plane.
boot
Put the luggage in the boot.
botanist
North’s painting provided botanists in Europe with the first images of some very unusual plants.
campervan
We went camping in our campervan in the south of France.
canoe
Mary Kingsley was paddling up rivers in a canoe.
caravan
For our last holiday, we rented a caravan and drove to the west coast.
carpenter
Henry Brown asked a friend, who was a carpenter, to build him a box.
cleaning staff
Cleaning staff would enter the plane in order to prepare the seats for the new passengers.
companion
If you need a travelling companion, let me know.
competition
The newspaper held a competition in which readers had to guess how long it would take Bly to circle the globe.
courage
Because of the extraordinary courage he had shown, his story became famous.
crocodile
Mary Kingsley once had an encounter with a crocodile.
delighted
Henry Brown was delighted when he reached Philadelphia safely in his box.
destination
Why had Henry Brown chosen Pennsylvania as his destination?
determination
Henry Brown had shown great determination on his way to freedom.
determined
This terrible loss made Brown determined to escape slavery.
disorientated
When Henry Brown first climbed out of his box, he felt disorientated.
editor
Bly suggested to her editor that his newspaper should pay for her trip.
encounter 
Mary Kingsley had encounters with all kinds of animals on her travels.
enrich
Learning holidays can enrich your life long after the trip is over.
ensure
Please investigate the matter to ensure that this does not happen to other passengers.
explorer
Mary Kingsley was the first explorer to show proper respect to the African people.
expressway
An expressway in North American English is called a motorway in British English.
falcon
The falcons are well trained, so it’s super safe.
feat
In honour of this creative but dangerous feat, he became known as Henry ‘Box’ Brown.
furious
Henry Brown must have been furious when his wife and children were sold.
gladiator
You’ve got a chance to train and experience what it was like to fight as a gladiator.
gorilla
Kingsley was one of the first Europeans to see a gorilla with her own eyes.
habitat
I’d like to see the penguins in their natural habitat.
hilarious
That’s hilarious!
holiday 
A place I’d really like to go on holiday this year is Istanbul.
household chore
Mary Kingsley much prefered paddling up rivers to household chores.
ignore
Her father’s medical friends had warned her about tropical diseases, but she ignored them.
inconvenient
They lost my luggage. Just for a day, but still very inconvenient.
investigate
I have asked the airline to investigate the incident.
legacy
Collecting two species of fish which were unknown before was not Mary Kingsley’s only legacy.
leopard
Kingsley rescued a leopard that had got caught in a trap.
lorry 
There had been an accident on the motorway ahead of us – a lorry had turned over.
luggage
They lost my luggage.
massive 
There was a massive queue at security control.
miserable
Henry Brown felt miserable while he was travelling in the box.
mission
She had two missions to complete while she was touring the continent.
muddy
Her boots were muddy because she went for a walk in the woods after it had rained.
one-way ticket
Would you like a one-way or a round-trip bus ticket?
out of season
It gets touristy in the summer, so it’s probably best to go out of season.
package
People in Pennsylvania were waiting anxiously for the arrival of the package from Virginia.
paddle
The crocodile tried to climb into her canoe, so she hit it on the head with a paddle.
pavement
There was a lot of rubbish on the pavement.
petrified
I bet you were petrified!
petrol
There was a long queue at the petrol station.
physical 
Henry Brown didn’t suffer physical abuse.
pineapple leaf
The local people taught her how to fish with pineapple leaves.
puzzled
The luggage handlers would have been puzzled if they had heard a noise coming from the box.
queue
There was a very long queue for the toilets.
record
Kira Salak set a Wisconsin state record in cross-country running.
relieved
He was relieved because he had found his passport.
remote
If you go somewhere remote, it is far away from places where other people live.
reptile
Mary Kingsley set off alone along the river in search of fish and reptiles.
request compensation
I am requesting compensation for the MP player.
responsibility 
I feel that the airline should take responsibility for this incident.
return ticket
Would you like a single or a return ticket?
rickshaw
Bly travelled by ship, horse, rickshaw and other vehicles.
rough it
I’m not very good at roughing it. I like life’s little luxuries!
round-trip
Are you buying a round-trip ticket to Los Angeles or are you staying there?
rubbish 
There was a lot of rubbish on the pavement.
school playground
You know what I’d done? I had parked in a school playground!
set off  ​​
She set off alone on her journey.
sidewalk
Lots of streets in the US don’t have sidewalks.
single ticket
I would like a single ticket into town, please.
slavery
Henry Brown escaped from slavery by shipping himself as freight to Pennsylvania.
soak up
It would be great just to wander around the old streets and soak up the atmosphere.
souvenir
Wouldn’t you like to come home from holiday with something more useful than lots of souvenirs?
spiky
Mary Kingsley once fell into a hole and landed on a spiky branch.
step out of your comfort zone
Do you ever step out of your comfort zone?
stunning
The views from Machu Picchu are absolutely stunning.
swamp
Marianne North crossed muddy swamps to find the plants she wanted.
tap
One of the men tapped on the box and asked: ‘Is all right inside?’
tense
The men receiving Henry Brown’s box were very tense.
terrified
The people waiting for Henry Brown were terrified that he would not arrive safely.
toilet
Can you tell me where the toilets are?
tornado
Mary Kingsley had to deal with extreme heat and tornadoes.
touristy
I imagine it gets quite touristy in the summer.
traffic jam
After about half an hour, we got stuck in a traffic jam.
travel trailer
We love going on holiday with our travel trailer.
trek
Kira Salak went on a solo jungle trek through Papua New Guinea.
trend
Learning vacations are the hottest new trend in travel.
truck 
Trucks can transport lots of goods at the same time.
Underground
I like the free papers you can get at Underground stations.
upset 
I was upset that my MP player was stolen.
vacation 
There are many interesting learning vacations that you can go on.
wander
It would be great just to wander around the old streets.
yours faithfully
I look forward to your reply. Yours faithfully, Kevin Peters