actual 
I never read an actual paper newspaper.
addictive
I find checking news websites quite addictive.
admit 
Customers who blind-tasted the ugly and standard fruit admitted they tasted the same.
amusing 
A sitcom usually has amusing dialogue.
analysis 
A current affairs programme has in-depth news analysis.
argue 
I would argue that the benefits of internet news outweigh the downsides.
armed
The robbers were armed.
armed robbery
They stole $50,000 in an armed robbery.
assure 
The local people assured the conservationists that the monkeys would be easy to locate.
back to back
I often watch several episodes back to back.
binge-watch
In a recent survey, 9% of people said they regularly binge-watched.
blind-taste
When customers blind-taste fruit, they can’t see what they’re tasting.
capture
With smartphones, the chances that something important is captured are much higher.
celebrity photos
Rosie likes looking at celebrity photos.
celebrity chef
Celebrity chefs often present cookery programmes.
commercial break
Commercial breaks are an annoying distraction.
complex
Watching several episodes back-to-back makes it easier to follow complex storylines.
conditioning
It is thought that wanting to read more and more bad news is a matter of conditioning.
conflict
Most items on news sites are about conflict or violence.
conservationist
Conservationists have warned that the monkeys are on the endangered species list.
cookery programme
Cookery programmes are very popular in the UK.
cracked
Expensive repairs for cracked screens could become a thing of the past.
cure
They appear to have found a new cure for blindness.
current affairs programme
Current affairs programmes are usually on late at night.
DIY tips
Home improvement programmes give us DIY tips.
dominant
BuzzFeed is dominant in the world of entertainment and news sites.
downside
The downside of internet news is that it isn’t always reliable.
drama series
A drama series has to have a gripping plot.
drilling equipment
Underwater drilling equipment is difficult to repair.
drinkable
The water at the campsite is not drinkable.
economic 
The discovery of the skeleton of Richard III will give the city of Leicester an economic boost.
elderly
The money belonged to an elderly man who had left his bag on the train.
enable
Smartphones enable journalists to publish text and photos wherever they are.
encouraging
There is a demand for more inspiring, encouraging and uplifting news stories.
environmental campaign
Positive news sites report on peace agreements and environmental campaigns.
episode
Have you ever gone to bed too late because you wanted to watch ‘just one more’ episode?
gripping plot
This drama series isn’t very good; it lacks a gripping plot.
highlight 
Sport programmes often show football match highlights.
historical 
The oldest woman in the world lived through some interesting historical events.
home improvement programme
I learnt to build my bookshelf from a home improvement programme. I’m very pleased with it!
impressive 
Ivan is an impressive balloon pilot who’s set four ballooning records.
in-depth news
I enjoy watching programmes with in-depth news.
indicate 
The survey also indicates an interesting shift in opinion towards binge-watching.
informative
More informal news sites are often entertaining as well as informative.
innocent
It turns out that the man involved in the police shooting was innocent.
inspiring
I’m all for more inspiring news.
listicle
The listicle is attractive because it simplifies any subject into manageable facts.
locate
The monkeys were easy to locate because they could be heard sneezing.
majority
The majority of people surveyed considered binge-watching a bad thing.
match
Would you binge-watch football matches?
medical 
Medical breakthroughs are reported on positive news sites.
mental 
I need to read something light – something that doesn’t require much mental effort.
monkey
A new species of monkey has been discovered in the forests of Myanmar.
objective
I don’t feel the news is very objective.
peace agreement
Peace agreements are often not reported in depth on traditional news outlets.
racket
In future, tennis rackets may be made of a kind of plastic that can repair itself.
relevant
I’m interested in news that’s relevant to my life and work.
reliable
Serious newspapers give reliable news.
scannable
Young people want scannable news content that they can read in short bursts of attention.
selective
I’m a selective reader; I don’t read the whole paper.
shooting 
The police shooting was reported on all news sites.
sitcom
Sitcoms are often binge-watched.
skeleton
The skeleton of King Richard III was found under a car park in Leicester, England.
sneeze
The monkeys sneeze when it rains because water gets up their noses.
streaming
Streaming has transformed our viewing habits.
stressful
I have a very stressful job, so sometimes I need to read something light-hearted.
suffering
Reading about other people’s suffering can make you feel better about your own life.
survey
A recent survey has found that news reading has been replaced by ‘news snacking’.
survival 
Did you see the headline Climber’s survival of 00-metre fall?
tonne
Millions of tonnes of food are wasted because people don’t want odd-shaped fruit.
transform
The internet has transformed the news industry in recent decades.
unfortunate
We often find news about conflict, violence or someone’s unfortunate death.
unmanageable
The broadsheet papers are unmanageable and difficult to hold on the train.
uplifting
Some positive news sites have been launched to meet the demand for uplifting news stories.
victory
The football match ended in victory for Bayern Munich.
villain
King Richard III was portrayed as a villain in Shakespeare’s famous play.
violence
Bad news – about violence, for example – attracts more readers than good news.
viral
Listicles are specifically designed to go viral.
waste
A French supermarket chain is trying to raise awareness of food waste.
wounded
The wounded man had been involved in a police shooting.