absence 
Would the Earth survive without the moon?
accidental 
People falling asleep behind the wheel may cause accidental crashes.
almanac
Travellers used almanacs to chart the phases of the moon and plan their journeys.
artificial 
Norwegians like playing outside in the snow, even if it is under artificial light.
automatically
People automatically assume that I find the polar nights difficult, but actually I love them.
axis
The axis on Mars can tilt so much that the ice at its poles slides down to the equator.
basically 
A ‘polar night’ is where the sun basically doesn’t appear for twenty-four hours.
be a light sleeper
My sister is a light sleeper, but I sleep like a log.
be wide awake
When I checked, the children were wide awake.
cease 
Will the myths about the moon ever cease to exist?
cheerful 
Spring is a cheerful season.
considerably 
Pakistan is considerably warmer than Norway.
contrast 
The contrast between winter and summer nights in Norway is huge.
cosy
You might think that everyone would stay indoors, nice and cosy, but they don’t.
council
The council might like to reconsider their plans for a new food quarter in our street.
criticism
The council’s plans received a lot of criticism.
deliberate 
It wasn’t a deliberate mistake.
depressing
Northern Norway has two depressing months of no daylight in winter.
dramatic
The seasons in Norway are very dramatic.
earplugs 
I put in earplugs on planes so I can sleep.
evil
There’s a lot of evil in the world.
faked
The 969 moon landings were faked.
fall asleep 
Nearly half of US adults fall asleep unintentionally during the day.
fast asleep
The woman was fast asleep on the train and missed her stop.
genuine
The film of the 969 moon landings cannot be genuine.
get up at the crack of dawn
My children always get up at the crack of dawn.
gradually
The second winter in Norway is when the light gradually starts to come back.
hammock
Sleeping in a hammock can be quite uncomfortable.
have a lie-in
You can catch up on sleep by having a lie-in.
have a nap
Having a short nap is more refreshing than a cup of coffee.
have a snooze
In many cultures, having a snooze is much more acceptable than in the US.
homeland
Norway is certainly very different from my homeland where it is hot.
insomnia
Insomnia is almost twice as common in women than in men.
lively
In summer, the nights in Norway are as lively as the days.
magical
The first winter really is a magical time of year.
mountainside
The rain washed away the mountainside.
nod off
Twice as many men as women nod off while driving.
not sleep a wink
People who feel that they haven’t slept a wink probably have had more sleep than they think.
originally
I originally come from Pakistan.
polar
In Tromsø, we have a ‘polar night’, when the sun doesn’t appear for twenty-four hours.
praise
The show received high praise from the critics.
presence 
The presence of the full moon made it easier to see where we were going.
quarter
Plans to create a food quarter in town have been given the go-ahead.
retain
Sleeping when you’ve just learnt something new will help your memory to retain it.
sleep like a log
Are you used to sleeping like a log for nine hours?
slightly
It only gets slightly darker for an hour in the middle of the night.
summarize
The report summarizes some of the main arguments made during the meeting.
wrap up
They wrap up warm and get out in the fresh air.