abandoned 
You can usually keep anything which the owner has clearly abandoned.
accidentally
The owner had accidentally lost the money.
accuse 
A government minister has been accused of having unfair office rules for her staff.
apply to 
The new government rules do not apply to all jobs.
approach 
There are problems with both approaches.
arrest 
The thieves left the valuable paintings on the train, fearing arrest.
auction
The car worker bought the paintings at an auction.
biannual
Biannual events happen twice a year.
bicentenary
It’ll be a while before most co-housing projects celebrate their bicentenary.
bilingual
People who grow up speaking two languages are bilingual.
blame for 
Employers’ expectations have been blamed for increasing working hours.
burnout
Volkswagen is trying to avoid employee stress and burnout.
campaign 
I am writing to ask you to support our campaign to end street homelessness.
car manufacturer
Car manufacturers are installing software to fight employee stress and burnout.
car park
There were no more spaces in the car park.
circumstance 
It depends on the circumstances whether you have to give the money back or not.
claim
The couple’s claim to ownership is strong, as the coins were found on their property.
claim
The couple claimed the money on a winning lottery ticket.
count against  ​​
If I don’t want to check my work emails in the evening, does that count against me?
count on  ​​
Clients count on being able to talk to their lawyers all the time.
criticize for 
The new rules have been criticized for not taking account of modern working practices.
customer service
The sales assistant had been given an award for excellent customer service.
dealer
The dealer didn’t expect to see the diamonds ever again.
diamond 
A bag containing $200,000 worth of diamonds has been returned to its owner.
distracting
The government minister finds noise in the corridor distracting while she’s eating.
environmental law
China is revising its environmental laws to include harsh penalties for polluters.
estimate
It is estimated that the coins are worth around $10 million.
expose to 
Some children are exposed to questioning and reacting to rules.
government minister 
A government minister made a list of rules for her staff which was leaked to the media.
harsh penalty
In future, polluters in China will be given harsh penalties.
homelessness
We need to do more to reduce street homelessness.
hostel
Without sufficient hostel places, we cannot protect the often young and very vulnerable.
hybrid
Electronic cars will park for free and hybrids will get 0% off.
illegal
In most countries, it is illegal to keep lost property unless you can’t find the owner.
incentive
We usually try to reward people by giving them incentives.
insist on
The government introduced laws which insist on employers switching off email contact.
interconnect
Phones are interconnected by cables.
intercontinental
There are intercontinental agreements between North America and Europe.
justify
People use the saying ‘finders keepers, losers weepers’ to justify keeping money that they find.
legislature
China’s legislature votes to revise 25-year-old environmental law.
lost property
A car worker bought the paintings at an auction of lost property left on Italian trains.
lottery ticket
A couple claimed money on a lottery ticket which they had found on a shop floor.
lunch break
The company can’t have actually stopped them having a lunch break.
minister
A government minister makes her staff stand up when she arrives.
monoplane
I have never seen a monoplane before.
monotone
A monotone voice can send you to sleep.
moral 
‘Moral will’ means that you have the ability to do what’s right for yourself and others.
multicoloured
The protesters were holding multicoloured banners.
multimillionaire
The multimillionaire decided to give a lot of his money to charity.
official
Electronic devices expose workers to longer hours than the official -hour work week.
official
The couple had to hand over the coins they found to an official.
ownership
The couple can take ownership of the coins if their owner can’t be found.
parking meter
Smart parking meters in Madrid will charge more for more polluting cars.
pick up
Many parents prefer to leave work early to pick up their children.
poverty
New government plans may put tens of thousands of people into poverty.
practical wisdom
Rules and incentives are not enough; we also need practical wisdom.
pressure
We need to pressure the government to help get homeless people off the streets.
prevent 
Volkswagen is preventing emails from reaching employees at home.
profit 
A scrap metal dealer has made a profit of more than £ 32million on an antique gold egg.
prohibit from
The government has prohibited employers from contacting workers outside office hours.
protect from
Some companies try to protect their workers from being disturbed by work emails at home.
protest against
Authorities protested against Galileo’s theory that the Earth revolves around the sun.
public spending
The government is planning to make huge cuts in public spending on support for sick people.
rainy day
Bankers used to make sure that people were saving for a rainy day.
react to
Children need to react to rules, not just follow them.
report 
The dealer found a news report about eight missing Fabergé eggs.
revolution
The famous Fabergé eggs were made for the Russian royal family before the revolution.
reward
He has received a reward from the dealer.
reward 
He was rewarded for his honesty.
safety
I think it might have been a safety issue.
scrap metal dealer
The scrap metal dealer had planned to sell the egg for the value of its gold and jewels.
self-awareness
People who have moral wisdom must have a lot of self-awareness.
self-control
You need a lot of self-control for that diet.
self-destructive
People who are self-destructive are not kind to themselves.
semicircle
The chairs were arranged in a semicircle.
semi-human
Semi-human creatures often appear in fantasy stories.
semi-retired
People who are semi-retired still work some of the time.
staff 
All our staff are subject to a dress code, which they sign up to when they join the company.
storey
We lived in a three-storey building.
stress 
Stress and burnout can occur when you work a lot outside working hours.
sunglasses
There is no law against wearing sunglasses while driving at night.
suspect 
The police now suspect that the thieves left the valuable paintings on the train.
suspended sentence
The couple claiming money on a lottery ticket were given a suspended sentence.
switch off
Employers need to switch off email contact after 6 p.m.
thief
The thieves took the paintings from a house in London.
valuables ​
Can you keep money and other valuables that you find?
valuable
A Californian couple found eight tins of valuable gold coins.
working practice
The new rules don’t take into account modern-day working practices.
worth
An Italian man has just found out that he owns two paintings worth 0 million euros.