access
Memories are stored differently from the age of seven, making it easier to access them later.
amnesia
Childhood amnesia occurs at around the age of seven.
analyse 
At seven, children can analyse events more clearly.
anti-climb
What if we paint the walls with anti-climb paint?
apathetic
‘Apathetic boredom’ is similar to depression.
army uniform 
Princess Elizabeth wore a brown army uniform, and she didn’t look like a princess at all.
bored
I am really bored with this lecture. It’s so dull!
bored to death
I was bored to death watching that film.
bulb
Wait a few seconds before touching the bulb – it may be hot.
cage
A group of minks were divided into two cages.
calibrating
‘Calibrating boredom’ is when your mind wanders from the present situation.
can recall it very clearly
I can recall some events from early childhood very clearly.
can’t sit still
I hate that feeling when you can’t sit still and you can’t wait for the film to finish.
capable
Some people worry we are no longer capable of doing nothing.
carry out  ​​
The research was carried out at the University of Utah.
come up  ​​
I can’t go to that boring lecture – something urgent has come up!
come up with  ​​
Psychologists came up with the idea that some people use the left side of their brain more.
concentration
In some boring situations, I find myself losing concentration after about half an hour.
convert
Self-help books promise to convert people from being left-brained to right-brained thinkers.
definition
Can you give me a definition of boredom?
dental floss
Try using a piece of dental floss to get that ring off your finger.
desire
Sometimes you have a desire to do something, but you can’t because you’re stuck in a queue.
desperate
After a long-haul flight, I’m usually desperate to get off the plane.
die out
Some people believe that some things should be left to die out.
dream up  ​​
They dreamt up the right-brained
dull
Have you experienced the desire to fall asleep during a dull lecture?
emotion
Boredom can be a very useful emotion.
entertain
We need to be constantly entertained.
experiment 
Researchers pointed out that the experiments didn’t show that animals feel truly bored.
fade
When do childhood memories start to fade?
fed up
‘Searching boredom’ is when you are fed up with having nothing to do.
find out 
I’d like to find out more about the five types of boredom.
fire department
My mum called the fire department when I was locked in the bathroom at age two.
hand cream
Cover your finger with something slippery like hand cream to remove the ring.
have enough of
I’ve had enough of this TV programme.
helmet
My helmet had slipped down, so I couldn’t see a thing.
identify 
They seemed to identify some differences.
incapable
‘Apathetic boredom’ means you are incapable of finding enjoyment in life.
indifferent
‘Indifferent boredom’ is a pleasant feeling which allows you to zone out after a long day.
just about remember
I was only two, but I can just about remember it.
ladder
One of the firemen climbed up a ladder and broke through the bathroom window.
long-haul flight
For me, the most boring experiences are long-haul flights.
lose concentration
What makes you lose concentration?
maintain 
Security cameras are expensive to maintain.
make up
The right-brained/left-brained theory was largely made up by psychologists and the media.
melody
The right side of the brain is best at appreciating the melody of the music.
memory has begun to fade
My memory of it has begun to fade.
mink
The minks in the bare cage ate more food and slept for longer than the other minks.
no memory whatsoever
I have no memory of my childhood whatsoever.
no recollection of it
I have absolutely no recollection of how we got home again.
noisy
My main memory of the day was that it was unbelievably noisy and happy.
nonsense
It’s all a load of nonsense.
occupied
For me, the most boring thing in the world is not being occupied enough at work.
oxygen
We used to think that we yawn to take in more oxygen to keep ourselves awake.
packaging
For safe disposal of the old bulb, use the packaging of the new one.
phase out  ​​
Let’s phase out the security cameras and install lights instead.
pop up  ​​
Google ‘right brain, left brain’, and hundreds of quizzes on this subject will pop up.
precise
Can you remember the precise details of that conversation?
reactant
‘Reactant boredom’ is caused by feeling trapped in a situation.
recall
Although I was only two, I can recall it vividly.
recollection
I have absolutely no recollection of how we got home again.
repetitive
Doing the ironing is the most boring and repetitive of all the household jobs.
risky
‘Searching boredom’ can result in risky behaviour.
run out  ​​
We don’t want to run out of ideas.
security camera
One alternative would be to install some security cameras.
set up
Security cameras are difficult to set up.
settle
Should we welcome the opportunity to be bored sometimes and let our thoughts settle?
slippery
To remove a stuck ring, cover your finger in something slippery, such as cream or butter.
sort out  ​​
Lights and anti-climb paint … they should sort the problem out.
steam train
I remember travelling on a steam train to London just after the Second World War.
steer
Boredom steers us away from useless activities.
store
From the age of seven, children can store memories more effectively.
swell
Be careful not to twist the dental floss too hard or else your finger will swell up even more.
tired of
I’m tired of doing the same thing every day.
trapped
Boredom means that you feel trapped in a situation that you’re desperate to escape from.
turn out
I thought I was four when I went to school, but it turns out I didn’t remember it correctly.
turn up  ​​
I seem to recall we just turned up and that there was no need to book the restaurant.
understanding
At seven, children have a better understanding of time and place.
uninteresting
I was bored because the lecture was very uninteresting.
unwind
As you unwind the dental floss, the ring will move up your finger until you can pull it off.
useless
Boredom may seem like a useless emotion, but it isn’t.
vaguely remember
I can vaguely remember going to see that film.
vandalism
What are we going to do about this vandalism problem?
vivid memory
My brother has a vivid memory of our first holiday abroad.
wave
They waved and waved and everyone was cheering and singing.
work out
There are tests designed to help you work out whether you are right-brained or left-brained.
yawn
We seem to yawn to cool down our brain when it’s too hot.
your mind wanders
If your mind wanders, it means you have stopped paying attention.
zone out
I like to zone out after a hard day’s work.