access 
There is a central heating system that can access the GPS in your mobile phone.
arrogant
Members of Generation Y have a reputation for being arrogant.
associate with 
Argentina is strongly associated with beef.
aubergine
Aubergines are from the same family as tomatoes and potatoes.
aware of
Many people aren’t aware of the risks of eating too much sugar.
be a threat to
All these smart devices could be a threat to our privacy.
broadband
All the homes in Songdo have ultra high-speed broadband.
capable
Is he capable of cooking a meal on his own?
characteristic of 
It is very characteristic of a Generation X person to be independent.
climate
Avocados and citrus fruits tend to grow in hot climates.
competitive 
Baby boomers are often competitive in the workplace.
conventional 
Conventional people tend to be neat, orderly and practical.
courgette
Courgettes were brought over to Europe from South and Central America.
critical
Members of Generation X tend to be critical of authority.
dairy product
The New World didn’t have dairy products before the Columbian Exchange.
data
What’s more of a worry is how much space all this data will take up on the internet.
dependent on​
Ireland used to be very dependent on potatoes.
develop
A washing machine which develops a fault can be repaired through the Internet of Things.
device
Metal detectors at airports can damage electronic devices such as laptops.
easy-going
My husband is quite easy-going; he doesn’t worry about anything.
economic recession
Generation Net has lived through an economic recession and won’t take money for granted.
enthusiastic
Initially, Europeans were not very enthusiastic about the new foods.
expectation
The event didn’t live up to my expectations.
family-focused
Members of Generation X tend to be family-focused.
fault
You could have a car whose in-built computer could go online when it develops a fault.
fussy about​
I’ll try anything – I’m not fussy about food.
grain 
Quinoa is a grain which is grown in the Andes mountains.
hack
Every connected device can be hacked.
high-speed
Not many cities have high-speed broadband for all residents.
impressed by
I wasn’t very impressed by some of the artwork.
install
We’ve installed broadband and it’s really good.
internet-connected
Internet-connected insulin pumps can send information to your doctor.
involved in
Lots of countries were involved in the Columbian Exchange.
irresponsible
There’s a lot of talk these days about irresponsible parenting.
keen on 
I wasn’t so keen on the ‘fish in a phone box’ artwork.
know someone as
Generation Y is also known as the ‘millennial’ generation.
loyal
I would say I’m quite loyal.
magnificent
It turned out to be one of the most magnificent shows I’ve ever seen.
open-minded
Generation Y is more open-minded than previous ones.
optimistic
Baby boomers are optimistic and willing to work long hours.
packed
I’m not so keen on the crowds – it’s a bit too packed for my liking.
peanut
Thai and Indonesian cooking didn’t use peanuts before the sixteenth century.
personal
Who will have access to my personal data?
potato crop
When the potato crop failed in Ireland in the 80s, a million people died.
potential
What are the potential risks of internet-connected devices?
preferable to
In a hot climate, drinking hot tea is preferable to cold water if you want to cool down.
privacy
Privacy and security are big issues.
protect 
There will be ways for people to protect their privacy and security.
realistic 
Members of Generation X have a realistic attitude to life.
responsible for 
Christopher Columbus was responsible for the start of the Columbian Exchange.
rich in
Quinoa is extremely rich in protein.
self-centred
Members of Generation Y have a reputation for being self-centred.
self-confident
Baby Boomers tend to be quite self-confident.
send and receive
The Internet of Things allows us to send and receive data more easily.
smart 
Generation Z is growing up with lots of smart devices.
smartphone
Generation Z can’t remember the world before the smartphone.
smoke detector
Smoke detectors are alarms that detect smoke or fire.
social status 
Which generation finds social status important?
stunning
The colours of these illuminations are just stunning.
suspicious of
People were suspicious of new foods, thinking they were dangerous to eat.
sweetcorn
Sweetcorn didn’t reach Europe until after the Columbian Exchange.
sympathetic towards 
I am sympathetic towards the vegetarian cause, but I’m not a vegetarian.
technical 
Technical devices can have faults which are difficult to mend.
technology 
The Internet of Things is the latest revolution in technology.
tech-savvy
Members of Generation Net are very tech-savvy, as they never experienced a world without the internet.
thrilling
The words ‘magical’ and ‘thrilling’ are often used to describe Gifford’s Circus.
vanilla
Vanilla is the most popular spice in the world.
vegetarian
Vegetarians don’t eat meat.
well educated
Baby Boomers are often well educated.
well informed​
Members of Generation Z are well informed because of the internet.
wheat
The Americas gained many new foods from Europe in return, such as apples and wheat.
wireless
Wireless technology allows us to connect devices to the internet from a distance.
work-life balance
Members of Generation X value a work-life balance.