absence of 
The most noticeable thing on the island was the absence of any traffic.
accumulate
The wealth they have accumulated is a result of the globalization of the world economy.
breach 
Do hackers have the knowledge to breach security?
brightly-lit
We chose to sit at a brightly-lit table by the window.
caffeine
80% of people on the planet consume caffeine regularly.
CEO
The CEO didn’t like the way in which the media reported the situation.
civil servant 
Many people become civil servants for the pay and conditions.
concern 
The thing that really concerns me, however, is the increase in consumption of energy drinks among schoolchildren.
connotation
Be careful with this expression – it can have a negative connotation.
consumption 
The increase in consumption of energy drinks among schoolchildren is concerning.
craze
Online crazes are becoming more and more popular.
deficiency
Lack of exposure to the sun can cause vitamin deficiencies.
dozens of 
There are dozens of parks in Shanghai now – a lot more than there used to be.
dump 
Have you seen the videos of people dumping icy water over themselves?
elite
Who makes up this elite of the 6,000 most powerful people on the planet?
excess of 
There have been floods recently due to an excess of rain.
excessive
Some people were at risk from excessive exposure to the sun. 
exist 
The sun has existed for several billion years. 
exposure to something 
The body generates vitamin D through exposure to the sun.
eye-catching
The internet is full of eye-catching photos that people have posted.
fascination with
Each of the constructions shows our fascination with the sun.
fast-moving
In tomorrow’s fast-moving world, companies will need to come up with innovative solutions.
forward
Could you forward me that email from Human Resources, please?
go viral
If a video or photo goes viral, it can be seen by millions of people.
great deal of 
You’ve given me a great deal of help – I’m really grateful.
hacker
Talented hackers can have a huge influence on the global economy.
handful of
I’ve been living here for ten years but I only have a handful of good friends.
hold the purse strings 
Who really holds the world’s purse strings?
hyperactivity
The effect that energy drinks have is dramatic – teachers report hyperactivity. 
immensely
Members of the Superclass are immensely wealthy.
immune system
Exposure to the sun is vital for the immune system.
in the public eye
Philip K Wrigley wanted to keep baseball in the public eye.
infiltrate
Some hackers have the knowledge to infiltrate the world’s information systems.
influential
Each of the regions in my country is influential in national politics. 
inside joke
People feel a sense of belonging – they are ‘in’ on an inside joke.
jittery
The effect that energy drinks have is dramatic – teachers report jittery behaviour. 
legislation 
A lobbyist works to persuade members of the government to pass beneficial legislation. 
lethargy
After drinking energy drinks, there is a sudden drop to lethargy and tiredness.
lobbyist
There are lobbyists working to represent the interests of universities and schools.
majority of 
The majority of people in the company feel that they aren’t appreciated.
man-eating
Villagers in India are hunting a man-eating tiger that has killed six people.
mansion
After winning the lottery, they bought a mansion in the Scottish mountains.
meme
Richard Dawkins was the first person to use the word ‘meme’.
narrow-minded
Don’t be so narrow-minded – this is the st century!
networking 
Members of the Superclass share an impressive capacity for networking.
NGO
I work for an NGO that provides clean water in Africa. 
organically
Successful memes are unforced, starting organically rather than in a marketing meeting.
oversee
I oversee a team of fifty staff.
pharmaceutical
Lobbyists often represent powerful industries like pharmaceutical corporations. 
philanthropist
Members of the Superclass include billionaire philanthropists.
photosynthesis
All plants depend on sunlight for photosynthesis.
poisoning 
People used to use chemicals to make their skin pale –poisoning was very common.
protein 
Vitamin D helps to regulate the correct functioning of proteins and minerals. 
provocative
Rothkopf’s provocative and at times controversial book is a ‘must-read’.
pyramid
The Mayan pyramids are constructions which show our fascination with the sun. 
quick-thinking
The girl was saved by a quick-thinking sailor in a passing boat. 
rotation 
The sun completes a rotation every twenty-six days.
sense of belonging
People feel a sense of belonging when they are included in an inside joke.
shortage of
A shortage of potatoes led to a terrible famine.
social media
I use social media to keep in touch with my friends from school.
solar 
Solar power and wind power aren’t the answer to our energy problems.
stimulant
From being a stimulant in sport, energy drinks are now widely available. 
superfood
You should cut out chips, crisps and that sort of thing and eat more superfoods.
surplus of 
There’s a surplus of student accommodation, which makes it very cheap.
tanning studio
In the USA alone some twenty-two million customers visit tanning studios.
target 
I don’t like the way in which advertisers target small children.
term 
According to writer David Rothkopf, the world is controlled by what he terms the ‘Superclass’.
time-consuming
I think cleaning is the most time-consuming household job.
touch of
This soup is nice but it needs a touch of garlic, in my opinion. 
toxic chemicals 
In the 6th century, people used toxic chemicals to achieve pale skin.
transcend
The power of the Superclass transcends borders.
unforced
I love this photo of Maya because her smile is natural and unforced.
wary of
National governments have become wary of trying to control the Superclass.
well-being
Exposure to the sun is vital for our psychological well-being.
worship 
The sun was worshipped by Aztecs, Incas, Egyptians, Greeks and Romans. 
