accomplish
How does it accomplish this amazing feat?
action point
I always highlight the action points on the agenda.
agenda
Agendas are used at meetings in Spain, but they are often abandoned. 
cacophony
Whether you are at work or in the home, you are surrounded by a cacophony of sounds.
catastrophic
The consequences of losing his job were catastrophic for him.
catch sight
As we went round the corner, I caught sight of him in the distance. 
catching up
I really had a lot of catching up to do for my exams.
chatter
You can hear the chatter of people engaging in conversation. 
colony
Vast colonies of millions of monarch butterflies form to hibernate.
come up with  
How did you come up with this idea?
compass
You decide you want to walk due south without a compass. Could you do it?
contestant
Now on to our final contestant in this first round, Lucy. 
coping strategy
Coping strategies are essential to help people get through life-changing scenarios.
critically important
Humans have a critically important advantage, which is that we can run for long distances.
cut out   
When we’re at a party, we can cut out music or other background noise.
encounter difficulties 
Understandably, numerous difficulties were encountered during its construction.
encounter problems 
I encountered a lot of problems when I started my new job. 
engage in conversation 
Everyone was already engaged in conversation when I arrived at the party.
enhance 
The eventual aim is to design better products that will improve and enhance communication.
entail an effort
The construction of the ancient city of Teotihuacan in Mexico entailed a massive physical effort.
entail difficulties
Building the cathedral in the th century entailed a lot of difficulties.
eventual
Our eventual aim is to design better products.
exceedingly impressive
The nest is an exceedingly impressive piece of work.
exponentially
This website offers advice if you want to grow your business exponentially.
feat
One of the most amazing feats of the human brain is that of hearing and listening. 
fiddle
Eric, could you stop fiddling with your phone, please?
hibernate
How do they know that these trees are the right ones to hibernate in? 
highly sophisticated 
The termite’s nest involves highly sophisticated systems.
hopelessly
Humans are hopelessly slow at running and swimming.
house
The termite’s nest has a special room that houses the queen. 
huddle
Millions of monarch butterflies huddle together for warmth when they hibernate.
incentive 
I was determined to get into university, so I suppose that gave me the incentive. 
inefficient
Transporting goods was extremely inefficient until the invention of the wheel.
intriguing
Last night’s nature programme included an intriguing sequence about killer whales.
just around the corner
I suddenly realized that exams were just around the corner. 
launch 
No rocket is powerful enough to launch the completed space station in one go.
line up  
Here is a brief introduction to the talks we have lined up for you this weekend. 
matter 
Nanotechnology is the engineering of matter at the level of molecules.
mechanism 
There are many animals who have much superior hearing mechanisms to humans.
nest 
A termite’s nest is utterly astonishing. 
not least
There are many advantages to living by the sea. Not least, the fantastic fresh fish in the shops.
numerous 
Karapetyan received numerous awards for his underwater rescue.
obstacle
The Rockford Peaches overcame obstacles and got to the top of the All American Girls Baseball League.
organ 
The human ear is a complex and wonderful organ.
outset
We need to provide support for people with depression from the outset.
outstanding achievement 
The construction of the Great Pyramid of Giza was an outstanding achievement.
outstanding effort 
My students have all made an outstanding effort to pass their exams.
overcome difficulties 
We had to overcome many difficulties when my father lost his job.
overcome obstacles
The engineers had to overcome many obstacles.
part and parcel
Life events such as starting a new job are part and parcel of human existence.
particularly interested 
I’m particularly interested in how long animals can travel at the fastest speeds.
party-goer
Some party-goers were making a noise outside my window.
perceive 
They are trying to find out how the human brain perceives different sounds in a noisy environment.
perceptive observation
My best friend often makes perceptive observations about my relationship with my boyfriend. 
pose a problem 
The construction of the Channel Tunnel posed numerous technical problems.
pose a question 
This issue poses the question, should we really have started the project?
present challenges
The aging population presents challenges in caring for the elderly.
present difficulties
Teaching students who don’t understand your language presents particular difficulties. 
prone
My brother is prone to depression when things aren’t going well for him. 
radically different
Humans have a radically different body structure from other animals.
reality check
Failing my exams gave me a reality check. 
realize a dream
It took them two and a half decades to realize their dream.
realize an ambition
I’m sure I’ll realize my ambition of learning Chinese one day.
reconstruct
If you take notes during a lecture, can you reconstruct the lecture afterwards?
recreate
The Large Hadron Collider recreates the conditions that existed just after the Big Bang.
regardless
My legs were hurting, but I continued running regardless.
remarkably complex 
A bird’s nest is remarkably complex and beautiful.
resilience
Feats such as running a marathon require a lot of physical and mental resilience.
roar
The lion has a roar which can be heard eight kilometres away.
seriously loud 
My neighbour’s dogs have a seriously loud bark.
signal
The best lecturers really signal the direction their talk is going. 
slack off  
I was a good student in my early teens, but then I kind of slacked off.
snap
The snapping shrimp makes an astonishingly loud snap that lasts for just one millisecond.
soldier on
We shouldn’t expect people to simply soldier on if they are having emotional problems.
superior 
Dogs have a superior sense of smell to humans. 
sustain 
Some birds are extraordinarily fast over a short distance, but they can’t sustain the speed.
tackle a problem 
I organized myself, tackled the problem and got the grades I needed.
tackle difficulties 
Your boss can help you to tackle any difficulties that you’re having.
tell the difference
Can you tell the difference between a violin and a cello?
topical
In this show, contestants have forty-five seconds to present their answer to a topical question.
twenty-twenty vision
I don’t need glasses – I have twenty-twenty vision.
underestimate
The stress of situations such as moving house is often underestimated.
underlying 
Being overweight was the underlying cause of his health problems. 
utterly astonishing
The way that animals migrate is utterly astonishing.
ventilation
The environment inside a termite’s nest is temperature-controlled with special ventilation. 
widespread 
The use of electricity became widespread at the end of the 9th century.
wind somebody up  
The sound of traffic in the street really winds me up.
zero in  
When we are in a noisy environment, we can zero in on particular sounds.