a wealth of
There’s a wealth of possibilities from an open-water swim to a night run.
abandon
The making of traditional objects using natural materials was later abandoned.
account for  
As linguists point out, this doesn’t account for all the other words in our vocabulary. 
aglow
Looking in the window of the cottage, its fire aglow, we decided to knock.
alert
I was having great difficulty staying alert.
alike
They always tried to treat their children alike.
alive 
The city doesn’t really come alive till after midnight.
aloof
He always kept himself very aloof, so had few friends.
apart
The twins are identical; only their parents can tell them apart.
arguably
Pad Thai is arguably the most famous dish to come out of Thailand. 
as early as
As early as the 6th century, English had already adopted words from other languages.
as yet
Someone told me my boss is leaving, but I haven’t heard anything from him as yet. 
ashamed
I’m ashamed to say I forgot.
assimilate
Many words from other languages have gradually been assimilated into English.
at least half of 
At least half of words in English come from non-Anglo-Saxon sources.
aware 
They were well aware of the risks, but they went anyway.
beat
This is what makes the white sauce special – I’m going to beat two eggs into it. 
by no means
I know a bit about architecture but I’m by no means an expert.
chop
I’ve roughly chopped up some onion and softened it in oil.
claim responsibility
From Greece to Iran, Turkey to India, everyone is claiming responsibility for inventing the kebab.
concerned 
We won’t be contacting everyone – just the people concerned.
conscious 
It was a conscious decision.
critic 
Critics of the theory say that it can’t possibly be correct.
determine 
Originally the date of the festival was determined by the lunar calendar.
epidemic
These measures eventually brought an end to the epidemic.
evolve 
Music from New Orleans is thought to have evolved into what we now know as jazz.
faculty
Former graduates spoke to the present students of the faculty.
finely 
Place the garlic and bread in a food processor and chop finely.
fluffy
The sauce goes nice and fluffy when you add eggs to it. 
generously 
I’ve added salt and pepper to the aubergine layer and brushed it generously with olive oil.
gently 
This now needs to cook gently for at least half an hour.
gesture 
Early humans needed their hands to communicate with gestures.
grate
I’ve grated some cheese and I’m going to melt that into the white sauce. 
grill
While on duty, soldiers would put meat on their swords and grill it over an open fire. 
have a long history of
The UK has a long history of trading and colonial links with other countries.
horizontally
Many kebabs today are still cooked horizontally on a metal skewer. 
imitate
Our ancestors imitated natural sounds.
intellect
Chimpanzees certainly don’t have the intellect that humans do.
invade
Many people complain about the way English is invading other languages.
invasion
Invasion by foreign peoples has led to the adoption of many new expressions.
let alone
I can hardly fit my stuff into the case, let alone yours.
linguist
As linguists point out, this theory doesn’t account for all the other words in our vocabulary. 
melt
I’m melting the butter with some flour, and now I need to add some warm milk and beat it in.
official
The French and Spanish languages are each controlled by an official body.
over the years
English is probably the language which has borrowed most terms from others over the years.
peel
You have to peel the tomatoes, as the skin goes bitter if you leave it in the sauce.
quarantine
After the discovery, the hospital was closed and quarantine was introduced.
refine
The rules of the game were later refined.
roll out 
The recipe was rolled out across the country in the 90s. 
roughly
Chop the onions roughly – the pieces don’t have to be exactly the same size.
season
Once the eggs are beaten in, I’ll season it and add some grated nutmeg. 
settlement
Settlement by foreign peoples has led to the adoption of many new customs.
skewer
Many food items, such as meat, vegetables and fish, can be cooked on skewers.
slice
Slice the potatoes and chop them into small cubes.
soak
At this festival, it’s totally fine and normal to soak complete strangers. 
sparingly
If you want to add salt, do so sparingly, because the sauce is already quite salty.
sprinkle
Some people like to sprinkle cheese on top and grill it at the end.
symbolize
Pouring water on people symbolizes the start of the new year.
thinly
Slice the cucumbers very thinly and mix them with sour cream.
triathlon
He says he’s never felt so alive since he took up triathlons.
undeniably
Pad Thai has undeniably become the national dish of Thailand.
unilateral
This phenomenon is by no means unilateral. 
valuables
Be careful with your cameras and any other valuables because everything will get wet. 
vertically
Meat is cooked vertically in the modern doner kebab.
vigorously
Beat the sauce vigorously so that lumps don’t have the chance to form.
whatsoever
There’s no doubt whatsoever that the world is becoming a smaller place.