adopt a child 
You can’t apply to adopt a child until you’re eighteen. 
adrenaline junkie
‘Adrenaline junkies’ take part in high-risk sports while on holiday.
affordable
Revolutionary manufacturing practices have made cars more affordable.
alarmingly
Alarmingly, nearly a sixth of people who take part in high-risk sports don’t have insurance.
answer to
You’ll answer to Melanie and you need to keep her informed about what’s going on.
be to blame for
I bet I know who’s to blame for it – Michael.
bland
This soup is really bland. It needs some salt and pepper.
blood donor
At seventeen, you can become a blood donor in England.
carefree
People over sixty are more carefree than we might imagine.
carer
I think being a good carer is about being a good listener.
caring profession 
What qualities do you need to work in a caring profession?
charged with
You can be charged with a criminal act from the age of ten in England.
compromise
Do we have any room for compromise here?
consent
At sixteen, you can get married in England with your parents’ consent.
considered 
At fourteen, wearing a seat belt is considered your own personal responsibility. 
count on somebody 
We know we can count on you to get the job done.
day care
My daughter goes to a day care centre while I’m at work.
discretion
You need total discretion in my job – people often talk about  private, personal issues. 
downsize
The HR department has been downsized in the last year.
drawback
The main drawback to the job is the unsociable hours.
ethical
In an ideal world, journalistic practices should be responsible and ethical.
exaggerate 
I think he was exaggerating when he said his boss was like a dictator!
express concern
The doctor expressed concern about one of her patients.
found 
The World Responsible Tourism Awards were founded in 00.
frivolous
You shouldn’t make any frivolous decisions – you may regret them later. 
go under  
If we don’t do something, the whole company will go under.
handle with care
You need to handle this situation with a lot of care. 
health care
The people who live in the retirement flats don’t tend to have any major health care issues.
held responsible for
Children under the age of ten cannot be held responsible for their actions. 
hire somebody 
I was hired because of my background in psychology. 
I couldn’t care less
I couldn’t care less who wins the World Cup final.
in confidence
Anything my patients say is treated in complete confidence.
invade somebody’s privacy
Responsible journalism involves not invading people’s privacy.
leave something jammed 
I came down to use the photocopier and somebody had left it jammed again.
liberating
‘The Freedom Experiment’ is about getting rid of your to-do list and doing liberating things instead.
miss the point
I’m afraid I think you’re missing the point here. 
nosy
Are you listening to that couple’s conversation? Don’t be so nosy!
on hand
The residents know that I’m on hand should they need anything. 
overcautious
Elderly people often become overcautious when they drive.
own up
Who did this? Is anyone going to own up?
participant 
Three participants got injured at the charity fun run.
reckless
My brother is always doing reckless things like cycling at night without any lights.
recruitment 
We work in various different areas like recruitment – taking on new staff, contracts and so on.
relocate
Relocating the whole company to our northern office is the best way to reduce costs.
responsible for 
At ten, you are legally responsible for your actions in England.
restrictions 
Working restrictions for fourteen- and fifteen-year-olds are almost the same in England.
sheltered housing complex
I’m a warden at a sheltered housing complex – a residential option for older people.
slip by
People regretted letting good friendships slip by over the years.
specialist 
Older people are often given any specialist care they need at home.
speculate
We all speculated as to why Jennifer had started missing work so often.
spontaneity
I like the spontaneity of that – just go to the station and see where fate takes you.
supposed to 
We’re supposed to be in the office until0.
take on  
At fourteen, you can take on part-time employment for two hours each school day.
the elderly 
China has recently passed a law highlighting the need for care for the elderly.
thrill-seekers
The average age of thrill-seekers is getting higher.
trustworthy
You’re trustworthy and reliable, and we know you’ll always get the job done.
underweight
I’m worried about Sally – she looks underweight.
unfulfilled
Many people were frustrated that so many of their dreams had gone unfulfilled.
uninhibited
I’d never have done a bungee jump when I was younger, but now I feel uninhibited.
upheaval
Moving house is a real upheaval, especially for older people.
useless 
You can blame Michael for the fault – he’s useless with machines.
welfare officer
I’m the welfare officer – I’m responsible for your accommodation, health and so on.
without a care in the world
My dad is without a care in the world now that he’s retired.