a raw deal
Part-time workers often get a raw deal.
advocate
The scheme advocates self-sufficiency by strengthening the economies of small communities.
alteration
We had to make some alterations to the contract.
appetite
Digital has not satisfied the human appetite for moving, for meeting and for touching. 
at your fingertips
Don’t worry – you have the solution at your fingertips.
be bound by
Official organizations like hotels are bound by safety regulations.
bead
My necklace broke and the beads spilt all over the floor. 
bear fruit
In time, the new ideas will bear fruit.
break new ground
The company really broke new ground with their dating app.
change our world 
There is no doubt that social media is changing our world.
congestion
Finding someone to share your car journey can cut down on traffic congestion.
consensus
We need to reach consensus about what action to take.
conventional wisdom
Conventional wisdom is that the internet and smartphones are changing our world. 
dated 
The music of many rock stars from the 0th century now seems dated. 
deposit 
We go to a recycling centre about once a month, where we deposit all our recyclable waste.
easier said than done
I wanted to make better use of my old clothes, but that’s easier said than done.
financial woes
This loan is a good temporary solution to my financial woes.
flooded with 
We’ve never been flooded with new ideas for products.
fork out
Some people don’t like forking out large amounts of money on new clothes.
fuel 
The Industrial Revolution was fuelled by the wealth and power that existed in Europe at the time.
fund 
The government needed to find a way to fund the war effort.
fundamental shift 
This invention of the compass was the key to a fundamental shift in the economics of the world.
gadget
I don’t use this gadget any more because it seems to use an excessive amount of power.
get your hands on something
What’s the best way to get my hands on some quick money?
go overdrawn
Going overdrawn at the bank is nonsensical because you end up owing them money.
go under  
Higher costs will lead to many companies going under.
hardship
Liverpool suffered great economic hardship in post-industrial Britain. 
hard up
I’m a bit hard up at the moment so I’m not having a holiday this year.
initiative 
The scheme was launched in 007 as part of an initiative called Transition Towns.
innovation 
I think smartphones are the most useful innovation of the last twenty years.
interaction 
In the digital age, there is a real necessity for a live experience, for physical interaction.
ironic
It’s ironic that compasses helped Europe to grow wealthy, because they were a Chinese invention.
irrespective
The restaurant will be busy irrespective of what time we get there.
issue 
It’s thought that the dollar sign was first used on money bags issued by the United States Mint.
levy
The government decided to levy a new tax on frozen food products.
live from hand to mouth
I’m living from hand to mouth at the moment – I never have any spare money.
lose money 
I have never lost money investing in the stock market.
lose out to
Businesses have always complained about losing out to new ways of doing things.
lucrative
Live performances have become more lucrative than recordings or downloads.
luxury
I never spend money on luxuries like chocolate or flowers.
make ends meet
I know people who struggle to make ends meet at the end of the month.
manage your money 
Most people I know try to manage their money.
mindfulness
It’s difficult to experience true mindfulness in today’s digital world.
monetary 
Today there are a number of complementary monetary schemes around the world.
obsolete
I think cars driven by people will be obsolete within twenty years.
on the breadline
After my business started doing well, I was never on the breadline again.
on the face of it
On the face of it, the sharing economy has numerous benefits.
peppercorn
I always buy whole peppercorns, not ground black pepper.
pioneer
Buddy Holly was a pioneer in the world of rock and roll.
positive development
There is considerable debate about whether they are a positive development or not.
radical departure
This restaurant is a radical departure in the appreciation of food.
rationale
I don’t understand the rationale for having this meeting after everyone else has gone home.
reassuring
I find it reassuring that digital technology hasn’t replaced all aspects of communication.
reciprocal
Timebanking is a reciprocal service exchange where time, not money, is the unit of the currency.
reconditioned
I’ve got a reconditioned radio from the 90s that I’m trying to sell.
redeem
Unfortunately the date on these vouchers has expired, so you can’t redeem them.
regime
I’m loving my new exercise regime – it’s really having a positive effect on me.
revolutionize
Electricity has revolutionized virtually every aspect of modern life.
ring the changes
It’s important to ring the changes with your exercise regime, otherwise you’ll get bored.
sharing economy
The sharing economy has really taken off in recent years.
shift rapidly 
The way we communicate has shifted rapidly over the last ten years. 
short of money
When I was a student, I was always short of money.
so last year
Using a desktop PC is so last year!
spring up  
It’s the internet which has allowed all these different sites to spring up.
start out  
I had to learn very quickly when I started out as a teacher.
sweep
I’m going to talk to you today about an exciting revolution which is sweeping our world.
take over 
When you can’t see, your other senses take over.
take some beating
His new world record will take some beating.
the last word
Some people are always searching for the last word in design.
to say the least
There needs to be some form of basic regulation, to say the least.
trace 
The concept of time currencies can be traced back to the early nineteenth century.
traverse
The compass provided people with a reliable method of traversing the world’s oceans.
undermine
The sharing economy is likely to undermine traditional businesses such as hotels or taxis.
unpaid
I’d rather do unpaid work than do nothing at all.
vicinity
This invention displays the strength of Wi-fi signals in your vicinity. 
wealthy
I managed to get by, but I was never wealthy.
well off
It’s better to be a little hard up than extremely well off.
withdraw 
I’d like to withdraw 00 euros, please.