conventional 
Conventional exercise routines, such as jogging and cycling, are still very popular. 
devise
Psychologist Kurt Lewin devised a three-step model for the effective management of change. 
dispute 
Some recent research would appear to dispute these claims.
eligible
At what age are you eligible to vote in your country?
expertise 
Anyone who wants to implement change must first ensure that their knowledge and expertise is recognized.
expressway
They always seem to be building a new expressway or widening an existing one. 
facilitate
In Germany, change can be facilitated by formal written communication. 
fad
The new fad is for High-Intensity Interval Training. 
fairy-tale
A solitary green ogre finds his life is interrupted by various fairy-tale characters. 
feisty
The feisty heroine is a schoolgirl who becomes a zombie.
formal 
Everyone is dressed in formal clothes, and you’re in jeans and a T-shirt.
formally 
Communication of change should also be done formally, through written documents.
fuss
I never make a fuss in restaurants, even if they bring me the wrong food.
heroine
The heroine is an ordinary school teacher who has special powers. 
implement 
Those wishing to implement change in Anglo-Saxon countries need to highlight benefits to the team.
impose on
It’s best to agree change with your team, rather than impose it on them. 
in the region of 
They‘re planning to build somewhere in the region of seven more metro lines. 
infinitely
We now expect everything to be available infinitely more quickly than in the past.
intense 
It’s thought that intense physical activity is better for you than gentler exercise. 
intensity 
Low-intensity exercise is less effective at burning fat than high-intensity exercise. 
level off
The unemployment rate has levelled off over the last couple of years. 
maintain 
They also maintain that it makes you burn more calories during the day. 
make your day
It made my day when my colleague complimented me on my presentation.
metabolism
They maintain that it speeds up metabolism. 
metamorphosis
There are various reasons why the idea of metamorphosis is so important in art and culture. 
migration
Bamako, the capital of Mali, has grown due to rural migration. 
model 
The Scandinavian model is often thought of as the best example of education and public services. 
moderate
The results suggest that moderate exercise may improve memory. 
moody
If we bring a moody attitude, we’ll probably have a depressing day. 
motivation 
She was able to make a significant change to the motivation of her team. 
mutation 
Mutation – such as frogs becoming princes – is a common theme in children’s stories. 
nerdy
The hero is a nerdy office worker who turns into a spider at the first sign of danger. 
nostalgia
Change in modern life is being accompanied more and more by a sense of nostalgia. 
nutritious
Fast food can be every bit as nutritious as other food. 
obesity
Obesity is a growing problem in most western societies. 
on the increase
Tourism is on the increase in Beihai in the Guangxi region of China.
overtake
Ghaziabad in India could overtake Surat in terms of growth rate in the next ten years.
overview
In some countries, people believe that the person at the top of the company has a good overview.
overwhelm
Many film-makers have seen our worries about rapid changes overwhelming us.
pick up on  
If a team picks up on their manager’s anxiety, it may become nervous in turn. 
pleasurable
A long, pleasurable walk in the country may not be as beneficial as we once thought. 
plummet
The number of new houses built in the city has plummeted in recent years. 
prestigious
Many prestigious works of art have concerned heroes who changed into somebody else. 
protagonist
The protagonist is a young boy who is brought up by his elder sister and her husband. 
rate 
Big cities like Delhi and Mumbai are growing at a much slower rate. 
resist 
If change isn’t handled well, people will always resist it. 
resistant
If managers fail to take these factors into account, they may find workers are highly resistant to change.
revolutionize
The workers revolutionized their business through four simple principles. 
scenario
Many film-makers create scenarios which reflect changes in our society. 
short and sharp
Get on that rowing machine and keep it short and sharp!
skinny
He was really skinny after a month of trekking in the jungle.
soar
Unemployment in the city soared after the car factory was closed. 
stabilize
Global population growth is showing no signs of stabilizing. 
symptomatic
It could be claimed that these tales are symptomatic of our age.
threaten
Many people feel threatened by change.
time and again
I have to tell myself time and again not to forget my work pass. 
time flies
They say that time flies when you’re having fun.
time management
Effective time management is the key to a stress-free life.
time really drags
Time really drags when you’re bored at work.
transformation 
One of the most famous transformation stories, Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde, was published in 886.
treble
The number of students at our school trebled after two local schools were closed down. 
uncontrollably
Two old people were laughing uncontrollably.
up to speed
Are you up to speed with all the latest developments in new technology?
versus
The importance of the individual versus the group varies in different cultures.
waterfront
I absolutely love what’s happened in the waterfront area.
witch
This story involves a princess transforming into a witch. 
with hindsight
With hindsight, I shouldn’t have trusted him. 
zombie
Zombie films are classic examples of transformation stories.