at a loss
The company was at a loss as to the reason for the delay.
at random
It looks like everything was chosen at random but she says she had a definite plan.
at the very least
The road repairs will take a year at the very least.
at times
At times I get really fed up with his behaviour.
bankrupt
The company that supplies those handbags has gone bankrupt.
big picture
A ‘big-picture’ person is someone who focuses on long-term outcomes.
boost morale
She’s the kind of manager who can boost the morale of the team.
brainstorm
Let’s brainstorm first, then choose the best ideas from the list.
breakdown
There was a breakdown in training schemes due to lack of money.
centre of attention
I always loved being the centre of attention when I was a small child.
characterize
Whereas animals live in the moment, humans are characterized by their ambitions.
collaborative
This is a collaborative task, so you’ll have to work together closely.
come off
Some people think plans for a new league could come off in the foreseeable future.
commission 
The proposal was commissioned by the CEO of the company.
consider 
8% of employees considered communication in the company to be poor.
daft
Supporting the same football team year after year seems a bit daft. 
dependable
He’s really dependable – if he says he’ll do something, he will.
deteriorate
Communication within the company has deteriorated over the last five years.
discernible
To me, there was no discernible difference between any of the candidates.
fall flat
A men’s team even tried to recruit Dottie, but that fell flat.
feed
One idea to improve communication would be an in-house social media feed. 
flexible 
This type of person is flexible and open to new ideas.
flop
There was a real possibility that the whole scheme would be a flop.
for the most part
I find my job, for the most part, really interesting.
from now on
We’d like you to take care of the Miller account from now on.
fund 
The company could fund social events out of the day-to-day budget.
get rid of somebody 
The company had to get rid of him because he was a troublemaker.
get to the top 
He’s really ambitious and is desperate to get to the top.
get your hands dirty
This type of person is willing to get their hands dirty.
give in  
There was a lot of pressure, but the women couldn’t give in.
give off  
Each bacterium gives off a chemical that can be read only by members of the same species.
high expectations 
It’s important to have high expectations of your colleagues.
hold on
Hold on, what did you mean by that?
host 
The bacteria shine a light that allows the host animal to hunt at night.
in two minds
I’m in two minds. What do you think?
incompetent
I thought the new CEO looked a bit incompetent.
insight 
We need to give all staff an insight into the thinking of different sections of the company.
irrational
The psychology of supporting a particular group or team seems mysterious and irrational.
job rotation
I think job rotation’s a great idea.
live in the moment
I always live in the moment. Why worry about the future?
make it
She’s my role model because she made it to the top in her industry.
mass 
Thanks to mass production and low cost, just about everyone has owned a bicycle.
move on  
Now we’re going to move on to have a quick look at the work of business expert Glenn Parker.
much as
Much as I adore killer whales, the programme demonstrated a ruthless side to their character.
multiply 
The remaining bacteria multiply during the day.
obligatory
The management say it’s not obligatory for them to inform people about changes.
on the ball
I like the new CEO – she seems really on the ball.
open to new ideas
I like working with Sam because she’s always open to new ideas.
organism 
How do these single-celled organisms manage such important functions?
out of the question
I’m afraid twenty-four days’ leave is out of the question.
outcome 
This type of person is focused on the long-term outcomes.
outweigh
We feel this expense would easily be outweighed by the potential benefits.
overwhelmingly
The results of the questionnaire were overwhelmingly negative.
pain in the neck
Rather than just being a pain in the neck, they do play a crucial part in the team.
pay off
The gamble paid off – women’s baseball turned out to be really popular.
pick out  
We are always pleased when our project team is picked out for special recognition. 
possess 
This type of person possesses excellent communication skills. 
prey 
Once their prey was in the water, it was only a matter of time before lunch was served.
prosper
We all want our children to prosper in life.
punctual
This type of person is usually very dependable and punctual.
rectify
It is clear that steps must be taken to rectify the situation.
rephrase
Let me rephrase that. What I meant was that not everybody would enjoy that sort of thing.
restrict 
We suggest setting up a Facebook or LinkedIn page restricted to staff.
ruthless
Killer whales are ruthless and efficient killers.
seemingly
There is seemingly no discernible difference between the teams.
sequence 
The best sequence featured an insect that lived in a hole in the ground.
set people off against each other
I think he’s trying to set people off against each other – not nice.
sit on the fence
He tends to sit on the fence in meetings.
spotlight
You get the feeling that he can’t stand it when the spotlight is on somebody else.
swerve
Without warning, a dog ran into the road and I had to swerve.
switch allegiance
I’ve tried switching my allegiance to a more successful team. 
synthesize
Some bacteria are helpful – they synthesize our vitamins.
thereby
We work to achieve long-term goals, thereby giving our life meaning.
title
They’ve won the league title in their country over twenty times.
triumph 
It was a triumph, and in its best season the league had almost a million fans.
troublemaker
She was a troublemaker, so we had to move her to another team.
turn out
Women’s football turned out to be a great success.
value 
What do you think is the value of such activities?
visionary
This person is very much the visionary – they focus on the long-term outcomes.
work out  
Unfortunately, things didn’t work out so well for the league. 
worth your weight in gold
We can’t afford to lose Emil from the team – he’s worth his weight in gold.