a fraction of 
Prosthetics such as false hands may soon be available at a fraction of the previous price.
absorbent
Cleaning materials such as sponges need to be made of absorbent materials.
address an issue
We need to decide how to address the issue of staff dissatisfaction. 
adopt 
The brain can cause people to adopt characteristics of another person’s speech style.
all in all
All in all, South Africa’s only eco-arts festival makes for a great weekend away.
all things considered
All things considered, I think we should try again.
allergic
Being allergic to eggs, that wasn’t a problem for me.
authorization
Some plastic cards are used for the purpose of authorization.
be aware of something
Are you aware of your body language?
be bound to 
You’re bound to have some fleece clothing in your wardrobe.
biodegradable
Scientists have developed a new biodegradable plastic material called ‘Shrilk’.
body language 
Mirroring is when one person copies the body language of another.
bond 
We’ve got a real bond, you and I.
break something off
They had to break off their conference call as the connection was bad.
build on  
We’ve been able to build on the relationship.
catch on
Using different bins to separate waste took a long time to catch on in many places.
cause something 
Being stressed at work caused me to forget my wife’s birthday.
clip
You attach the entry pass to your clothes with a clip.
come up
We watched the sun come up.
conscientious
I think it’s unlikely everyone will become more conscientious consumers.
cut something off
The village was cut off by the floods for six days.
cut something out
It’s pretty difficult to cut out plastic completely these days.
cut down on
I’ve been trying to cut down on my use of plastic.
diagnosis 
Scientists believe graphene could help in the diagnosis of cancer. 
discard
People seldom discard plastic cards that they no longer use.
donor card
Organ donor cards are commonly found among the plastic cards that we all carry.
drag on  
As neither side would compromise, the negotiations dragged on for weeks.
durable
In Bangalore, India, a new more durable road surface has been laid using 0% of the city’s waste.
elastic
Graphene is very elastic and can stretch up to 0% its original length. 
evaluate 
I evaluate each of my students’ progress at the end of each term.
fleece
I love wearing fleece jumpers in the winter.
flexible 
With graphene, scientists say we will be able to produce a new generation of flexible phones and tablets. 
fragile
My glasses are less fragile because they’re made of plastic, not glass.
fumes
The emergency services were called in because the waste was giving off toxic fumes.
get on with somebody  
I don’t get on with my sister – we’re always arguing.
get on with something  
I had to put my trip off and get on with fulfilling the order. 
give something off  
The plastic wrapping was giving off a nasty smell.
give something up  
Can you tell us why you decided to give up plastic?
go off  
Fresh milk will go off very quickly if you don’t put it in a fridge.
go up  
Smartphone ownership is going up all the time.
humanity
Their work could represent as much of a change to humanity as plastic did in the past. 
infrequently
Some of the cards people carry are only used infrequently.
key
There are several key disadvantages to this approach. 
lightweight
Plastic is lightweight and has replaced many traditional materials.
look something up
I looked up the word in an online dictionary.
look after something 
My mum looks after my niece every Friday when my sister is at work.
look back on something
Future generations will look back on the present day as one of enormous technological advances.
magnetic 
Drinks cans made of steel are magnetic, but those made of aluminium aren’t.
make a decision 
I’m keen to make a decision today.
make reference to
The speaker made reference to various people who I’d never heard of.
modify 
We subconsciously modify our speech depending on who we’re talking to.
multi-purpose
I bought a multi-purpose pen which can also be a knife and a torch.
nanotechnology
We’re definitely going to see a lot more nanotechnology in the future.
on balance
On balance, the policy is on course to deliver what it set out to do.
persuade 
Salespeople sometimes use body language to persuade people to buy their products.
press on with something  
Although they were very tired, they decided to press on with it and finish the job. 
put something off  
I want a new car, but I’ve put off buying one till I can find an electric one I like.
reluctant
Women were revealed to be much more reluctant to throw cards away than men.
rigid
The lenses of my glasses are rigid.
run on  
The buses in the city run on waste cooking oil.
rush job
By doing this one rush job, we’ve been able to build on the relationship.
set off  
We got to New York and set off heading west.
take on  
It’s common to take on aspects of the way someone else talks.
tough 
Because my glasses are made of plastic as opposed to glass, they’re a lot tougher.
toxic 
The school was evacuated after toxic fumes were detected in the kitchen.
transaction 
Some plastic cards are used for financial transactions such as shopping.
transparent 
Obviously the lenses are transparent so I can see where I’m going.
universal 
This problem could be solved through the introduction of a single, universal system.
utilize
He utilized his skill at negotiating to achieve the outcome that he wanted.
versatile
Plastic has several uniquely versatile properties.
wardrobe
I have a different wardrobe for every season.
water-resistant
My watch says it’s water-resistant, but it stopped working when I wore it in the sea.