alien 
The main character was an ordinary woman who was actually an alien.
all-time favourite
My all-time favourite game is Tetris. 
alluring
Emma Williams was thoroughly believable in the role of the alluring murderess.
associated with 
The weekend is usually associated with the idea of leisure. 
attraction 
I don’t understand the attraction of computer games.
bundle of nerves
If I’ve got a big presentation to make, I’m a bundle of nerves the night before. 
captivating
This programme delivers a captivating story and loads of comedy.
characterization
The novel was let down by the slightly one-dimensional characterization.
chill out
I chilled out on my sofa all day long.
comic timing
Sam Hall was a joy to watch, with perfect comic timing. 
convincing 
How convincing is the evidence?
demanding 
I reckon most people wouldn’t think plumbing is a very demanding job.
discriminate
It is illegal to discriminate against a person because of their race, religion or gender. 
drive somebody up the wall
Customers who keep changing their minds drive me up the wall!
electrifying
She gave an electrifying performance as the young heroine.
endless
The possibilities for online games are endless. 
express a preference for
The guest expressed a preference for a room with a sea view.
formulaic
There was something about the story that was really mechanical and formulaic. 
get your head round
There were quite a few bits that I just couldn’t get my head round.
get away from it all 
I prefer to spend my free time getting away from it all.
get on somebody’s nerves
My students are really lovely but they sometimes just get on my nerves!
get-together
What I feel like doing on a Friday night is having a get-together with my friends.
give somebody a hand
Will you give me a hand with this report?
gritty
He gave a gritty performance as a war veteran in his latest film. 
have the highest regard for
The students have the highest regard for their English teacher.
homonym
Words with two meanings are called ‘homonyms’.
idolize
As a child, I idolized my older brother. 
indifferent to
The manager appears indifferent to what his staff are feeling.
inspiration 
My history teacher was an inspiration to me when I was at school.
instalment
This is instalment number three in the nearly twenty-year-old series.
laid-back
I’m a pretty laid-back kind of guy.
laze around
I hate lazing around doing nothing when I’m on holiday.
let down 
The film was let down by the poor special effects.
loathe
I absolutely loathe romantic comedies – they annoy me so much!
look down on
I think Rupert looks down on me because I didn’t go to a private school. 
look up to
I look up to my mum because she brought up five children on her own.
moan about
My friends moan about having been forced to attend organized activities.
monotonous
Some of the scenes between Martha and her husband are slightly monotonous.
on edge
My girlfriend’s always telling me to reduce my workload; she says I’m always on edge.
one-dimensional
The main character was totally one-dimensional and unrealistic.
online gaming 
Online gaming is hugely popular among teenagers and adults all over the world.
rhyme
Children are happy to sing meaningless rhymes in the playground, and so are adults at football matches. 
role model
Professional sportspeople should realize that they are role models for millions of young people.
sacrifice
I loved the bit at the end where the heroine sacrifices herself.
sentimental
I thought the film was too sentimental.
shareholder 
The shareholders’ meeting was quite exciting.
sip
For me, the summer meant lying on the grass in the garden, sipping lemonade.
slump
I just want to slump in front of the TV and watch the latest detective serial.
snob
He’s such a snob. He looks down on his neighbours because they drive an old car.
spine-chilling
I had nightmares after reading a spine-chilling ghost story before bed.
starve
Most gamers would sooner starve than stop playing in order to eat!
steal the show
Those two young talents stole the show, in my opinion.
stressed out
I get pretty stressed out in my job. 
take an instant dislike to
I can’t explain why, but I took an instant dislike to the new boss.
take great pleasure in
He seemed to take great pleasure in telling us that we’d all lost our jobs.
technical hitch
Despite the occasional technical hitches, this was a highly enjoyable production.
tranquil
Art galleries are very tranquil places.
transactional
One of the functions of language is called T-communication, with ‘T’ standing for ‘transactional’. 
twist
There were one or two twists in the plot, but I liked the characters. 
unwind
It might sound crazy, but the best way to unwind is karaoke!
wave of something
A new wave of online games is helping to solve medical and scientific problems.
wooden
The main character was very good-looking, but his performance was a bit wooden. 
would sooner
Most people would sooner spend their time gaining points than saving the planet!