a long way off
Complete understanding of how memory works is a long way off.
acknowledge 
Even the most sceptical observer must acknowledge the evidence to be overwhelming.
appalling
I couldn’t believe the appalling news about the air crash.
assert
It has been asserted that there is a link.
associated with 
Exercise may produce other benefits associated with leading a healthy lifestyle.
be down to
The drop in tourism was down to the dreadful weather that summer.
broadly 
The results of other studies have been broadly similar.
cite a source
There was only one source he cited.
compliment
I would like to compliment Julia on her post.
conclusive
There was plenty of evidence against him, but none of it was conclusive.
criterion 
There’s one important criterion which you don’t fulfil, so we can’t offer you the job. 
disorientated
I was disorientated and felt distanced from everything.
dock
He was installed in the ship’s sick room until it docked in the port.
down 
Did you get that down? It’s really important.
down 
We can’t use the network this morning. The whole system’s down.
embrace 
I was surprised when I was embraced by a total stranger while out walking.
endorse
This product is endorsed by several celebrities.
episodic
Episodic memories relate to episodes that happen to you.
escort
The football fans were escorted to the stadium by the local police.
experimental 
All children go through a curious, experimental phase as they get older.
explicit
Explicit memories are ones which you can describe and give details about.
fraudulent
The proportion of scientific papers which are fraudulent is increasing.
fundamental 
Spanish business culture has been going through rapid and fundamental changes.
good stuff 
You should try using this new organic whitening toothpaste – it’s good stuff.
grim
They all looked grim after they heard the news about the factory closing.
immersion
Total immersion in a language is the quickest way to become fluent.
implicit
Implicit memories are things that you don’t have to think about.C  Wordlist 
imply 
Just because a person has a poor memory, this does not imply that he or she is not intelligent.
insist on 
She insisted on paying for the meal.
instigate
The new manager instigated a lot of changes in our working practices.
interfere
I won’t have the clients interfering too much in my work.
interpret 
How are we to interpret these findings?
interpretation 
The statistics are open to interpretation.
likelihood
There is a likelihood of snow later in the week.
noticeable 
There is a noticeable link between studying music and improving your memory.
off 
The wedding is off – Sarah’s decided she wants to wait to get married.
off 
I think this milk’s off – don’t drink it.
off 
I managed to get £0 off the original price.
out of the blue
My cousin from Australia turned up at my flat out of the blue last night.
over 
It was stupid of us to argue over something so trivial.
over 
This town has changed a lot over the course of the last ten years.
overwhelming
The evidence for climate change is overwhelming.
principle 
The basic principles of driving a car are the same in every country.
proportion 
I believe that a significant proportion of members of parliament should be women.
reflect 
He spent a night in jail so that he could reflect on what he’d done.
reproduce 
If you don’t remember the mistakes you make, you’ll just reproduce them.
restricted 
The short-term memory has restricted capacity.
retain 
There is a very big need for older people to retain their independence.
rundown
Can you give us a simple rundown of the different types of memory?
scepticism
My immediate reaction was one of slight scepticism.
semantic
Our semantic memory allows us to remember specific pieces of information.
sibling
When was the last time you and a friend or sibling argued over something trivial?
substance 
She gave an entertaining speech, but there was no real substance to it. 
substantial 
The singer gave a substantial donation to an animal rescue centre in his home town.
substantially 
Children studying music usually make substantially better progress.
succession
Her poor performance in the tournament was due to a succession of injuries.
tendency 
Youngest children have a tendency to be rebellious.C  Wordlist 
trigger your memory 
Often, certain smells or tastes trigger your memory of something from many years ago.
unconscious 
Breathing is an unconscious act that we do without thinking.
unproductive
I find memorizing lists of words very unproductive.
urge 
The report urges people to be more vigilant.