absurdly
Absurdly, none of the new cycle paths will pass through the main tourist area.
admittedly
Admittedly, it is not the original palace, but it is very beautiful.
apathetic
I’m completely apathetic about politics.
apprehensive
I’m always a bit apprehensive when I have to disagree with my boss about something. 
astonished
The last time I was astonished was when I won the award for employee of the month.
astonishingly
Salamanca is an astonishingly beautiful city in the west of Spain.
awareness 
Seventeen-year-olds have no awareness of the risks involved.
ban 
Do you think we should ban cyclists from busy roads?
bark
If your neighbour had a dog that barked all day and night, how would you react?
by the same token
They aren’t hiring more staff this year and, by the same token, I don’t think we’ll get a pay rise.
consult 
When I travel I always consult advice websites for where to go.
contrary
The contrary argument is that if you just save one life, it’s worth it.
criticize 
What would you do if your boss criticized your work in front of your team?
cycle lane 
I love cycling in Germany because there are cycle lanes everywhere.
dedicated 
There should be dedicated cycle lanes on all main roads.
devastated
Alexander’s family were devastated when he gave up a great job and became a clown.
dormant
This kind of boss I call ‘The Volcano’. Most of the time, they’re dormant.
downhearted
I’ve felt downhearted since I lost the promotion.
embarrassment 
Embarrassment can make people avoid social situations, and even not go out at all.
envious
Well, when my sister bought a brand new car, I was a bit envious. 
evidently
Evidently, the cups in the breakfast room had not been washed since the night before.
eyesight
As we get older, our eyesight gets worse.
fair enough
‘We all have to agree the rules, otherwise, it’ll be chaos.’ ‘OK, fair enough.’
fall apart
Without reliable statistics, the arguments in favour of a new law may fall apart. 
float along
If you don’t give positive feedback, employees may simply float along.
fool 
Once again, you’re fooled by your feelings.
frankly
£00? Frankly, I’m not really happy with that.
frustrated
I felt frustrated when my brand new laptop kept crashing.
get on your nerves
If my neighbour had a noisy dog it would really get on my nerves.
ghost
She looked as if she had seen a ghost.
give somebody a lift
Passing my exam gave me a lift. I feel hopeful about the future now.
grab an opportunity
Sometimes you have to grab an opportunity when it presents itself.
have an argument 
I don’t think my parents have ever had an argument in front of me.
heart of stone
You’d have to have a heart of stone not to cry at the end of this film!
heated argument
We’d end up having a heated argument.
helmet
Why didn’t you wear a crash helmet?
ill-thought through
Politicians often propose laws that are ineffective and ill-thought through.
in high spirits
It was the first day of the holidays and the children were in high spirits.
in low spirits
We were in low spirits because it had been raining all day.
incidentally
Incidentally, Berlin is very bike-friendly, so you could cycle everywhere.
incredibly
Incredibly, the local teens jump off the bridge to go swimming in the water.
indifferent
My manager is indifferent to my happiness at work.
invulnerable
At seventeen we think we are invulnerable.
irritated 
The constant complaints from my housemates got me very irritated.
keep your temper
I’d try to keep my temper. It never helps to shout at people.
load something up 
We loaded up our plates with as much food as possible at the buffet.
luckily
We arrived at our hotel early, but, luckily, they let us check into our room.
lunatic
The woman said ‘Well, I think it’s time you stopped letting lunatics stay here!’ 
madman
I had just told a guest that this VIP guy was a madman.
make a point of doing something
Make a point of thanking people, even the office junior, when they help you.
make an exception
We might be able to make an exception in this case. 
mandatory
Several governments have made it mandatory for cyclists to wear helmets.
miraculously
Miraculously, everyone survived the train crash. 
mortified
I’d be so mortified, I wouldn’t know what to say.
negotiate 
In certain countries, you can try negotiating the price of food in markets.
newsworthy
When a particularly newsworthy crime happens, the politicians rush to make changes.
praise 
If you praise somebody, and that person goes red, you’re more likely to find that person trustworthy.
predictably
Predictably, the city suffers badly from traffic congestion.
reach consensus
This type of boss always tries to reach consensus in their team. 
reasonable 
She is a reasonable person, and you have always got on well with her.
regrettably
Regrettably, I didn’t have enough time to see the city properly.
relieved
I was very relieved when my ten-year-old son arrived home yesterday evening.
rim
The rims of the cups were covered in bright pink lipstick!
roller coaster of emotions
I experience a roller coaster of emotions when I watch my favourite team play.
rush into 
I don’t like to rush into decisions.
scrumptious
The sardines they serve are really scrumptious.
self-conscious
In your teens, you’re often self-conscious about your appearance. 
sound
You can trust Henry – he’s a sound guy.
speed limit
I know it sounds crazy, but I would say: increase the speed limits.
stormy
I have a stormy relationship with my dad – we are always falling out.
sympathetic 
I don’t think I’m very sympathetic – I rarely have people telling me their problems.
take by surprise
It took me completely by surprise when my boyfriend proposed while we were on holiday.
take personally
Katya is always unfriendly with people she doesn’t know – don’t take it personally.
theoretically
Theoretically, you can rent a car to get around the region, but I would advise against it.
think straight
For a minute, I couldn’t think straight.
think twice
You should think twice before making life-changing choices.
turn up  
How would you feel if you turned up at a party wearing different clothes to everyone else?
typically 
Typically in parts of Spain, a little plate of food is provided when you order a drink.
uncomfortable 
It makes me uncomfortable to see families living in poor conditions.
ups and downs
His career has had some spectacular ups and downs.
walk on eggshells
Everybody’s productivity is reduced when they’re walking on eggshells all the time.
